input: i had what feels like a muscle cramp about an hour ago under the left bottom rib. it lasted about a minute and then went away. i had no other pains or dificulties since. could this have been a simptom of a minor heart attack. do heart attack symptoms come one at a time or are there more than one symptom when they occur?
output: No this is not a symptom of great attack.... it is normal after some stressful activity. No need to worry. If same thing happen again let me know

input: I woke up this morning feeling the whole room is spinning when i was sitting down. I went to the bathroom walking unsteadily, as i tried to focus i feel nauseous. I try to vomit but it wont come out.. After taking panadol and sleep for few hours, i still feel the same.. By the way, if i lay down or sit down, my head do not spin, only when i want to move around then i feel the whole world is spinning.. And it is normal stomach discomfort at the same time? Earlier after i relieved myself, the spinning lessen so i am not sure whether its connected or coincidences.. Thank you doc!
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. The most likely cause for your symptoms is benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV), a type of peripheral vertigo. In this condition, the most common symptom is dizziness or giddiness, which is made worse with movements. Accompanying nausea and vomiting are common. The condition is due to problem in the ear, and improves in a few days on own. Betahistine tablets would help relieve your symptoms. Doing vestibular rehabilitation or adaptation exercises would prevent the recurrence of these symptoms. An ENT evaluation would also help. I hope it helps. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. 

input: My baby has been pooing 5-6 times a day for a week. In the last few days it has increased to 7 and they are very watery with green stringy bits in them. He does not seem unwell i.e no temperature and still eating. He now has a very bad nappy rash from the pooing ...help!
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. It seems your kid is having viral diarrhea. Once it starts it will take 5-7 days to completely get better. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. There is no need to use antibiotics unless there is blood in the motion. Antibiotics might worsen if unnecessarily used causing antibiotic associated diarrhea. I suggest you use zinc supplements (Z&D Chat Doctor. 

input: my sone has left sided abd pain..lt pelvic and rt pelvic pain in the groin area.. can only stand for a short time and sitting impossible for the pain..ct showed inlarged lymph nodes..slight elevation in wt count. he has been 10 weeks and unable to get any relief other than rest and pain meds.. he is 32 6ft 3..approx 220 lb
output: Hi. If there is no relief, it is mandatory to get the biopsy of the node done ASAP to get a correct diagnosis. It may be a serious problem. As a rule - anything not getting OK within 1 to 3 weeks maximum should be removed and tested. Noe-a-days we can do this by laparoscopy too, one day care surgery...

input: My one year old son was bit in face by a pit bull two days ago he has had constant diarrhea since taking antibiotic and a bloody rash on his butt is he allergic to antibiotics or is it something serious? Also i noticed some bumps on his leg and one on his arm could he be allergic to fleas? Since we left that house where the dog was he hasn t gotten anymore bumps.... Last his eye where he was bit and had to have stitches is yellow now?
output: Hi.the diarrhea is due to Chat Doctor.  Frequent diarrhea causes perianal excoriation (red rash). Stop antibiotic and give Zinc orally 20 mg once a day for 14days. If pit bull was not vaccinated for rabies you need to vaccinate your child for rabies. Bite on face is dangerous. If you are happy with my suggestion kindly rate me. Regards - 

input: Hello, My husband is taking Oxycodone due to a broken leg/surgery. He has been taking this pain medication for one month. We are trying to conceive our second baby. Will this medication afect the fetus? Or the health of the baby? Or can it bring birth defects? Thank you.
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today.First, there is no medication that can be taken by the father that has any way to get into your system or a baby if you conceive.  Medications can only affect a fetus if you take it while pregnant. The only issue is that certain medications may decrease a men sperm count and affect fertility, however pain medications like Oxycodone do not have this effect. So there is no reason for you to worry about conceiving while taking this medication.  The best way you can prepare for a healthy pregnancy is to follow a well-balanced diet, limit alcohol consumption and avoid cigarette smoke, and take a daily prenatal vitamin or folic acid, as folic acid supplements in early pregnancy helps to prevent certain types of birth defects. I hope this answers your question and best wishes for your upcoming pregnancy,

input: Id jaundice and chickengunea two years back. I have been having breathing issues since then. They come up and aggravate in weather change or a week before my periods. It makes it really difficult for me to breathe or perform any activity. Its accompanied by a mild yet persistent headache.
output: Thanks for your questioning my opinion possible causes can be-bronchial asthma- bronchitis you need to consult a Pulmonologist who can examine you and investigate regarding the respiratory issue in my patients I usually conduct a spirometry and a peak expiratory flow rate which can lead to a diagnosis and if it's an obstructive cause some inhaled Chat Doctor. 

input: lump under left nipple and stomach pain (male) Hi,I have recently noticed a few weeks ago a lump under my nipple, it hurts to touch and is about the size of a quarter. Also I have bern experiencing stomach pains that prevent me from eating. I immediatly feel full and have extreme pain. Please help
output: HI. You have two different problems. The lump under the nipple should be removed, biopsied. This will help you to get rid of the disease, and you get a diagnosis. Second problem looks a bit serious one: Pain that prevents you from eating-immediate fullness, and extreme pain. I would advise such a patient to undergo the upper GI endoscopy asap. This can be an ulcer with a problem at the pylorus. The exact diagnosis is the most important to start the right therapy. Do not waste time in starting the therapy.

input: I have a 5 month old baby who is very congested with a terrible cough. Its rattly/raspy and croupy sounding cough. She started choking on her coughs and the mucous that has come up. She also has a fever and runny nose. Should i take her to urgent care?
output: Thank you for using Chat Doctor. I would suggest that you see your doctor. Your baby maybe having bronchiolitis which is a lung infection common to your kids age. It is commonly caused by a virus. Albuterol via nebulization should be utilized in order to alleviate the wheezing and also help with the congestion. A decongestant can also be used for the colds. Also, it would also advise doing a chest X-ray in order to rule out other diseases (ex. pneumonia)sincerely, Mark RosarioGeneral pediatrics/Pediatric Pulmonology

input: I am F 38 in good shape work out (do triathlons) regular but have had back pain from different reasons throughout my life now I every so often wake up with severe lower back, hip pain for no reason. today the pain is almost taking my breathe away when i move. It is a dull pain when i am just lying down but the moment I make any sort of movement I have sharp and sometimes shooting pain down my legs.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having degenerative changes in your lower back spines giving pinched nerve pressure. There might be having osteomalacia or osteoporosis as well. Go for x-ray lumbosacral region for osteoarthritis. Physiotherapy like back extension exercises will be much helpful. Take B1, B6, B!2 shots or medicine. Take calcium, vitamin A and D supplements. Ok and take care.

input: 5 days ago I fell down three steps and hit my head and back. The headache and soreness as a result of the fall have gone, however now I am experiencing light dizziness - similar to how one feels when they are short of breath. Is this a result of the fall and how should I handle this?
output: Hello, It is due to minor concussion and will settle by itself. As of now  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi sir, This is srinivas from hyderabad.my brother name T.RAJU 30yrs.he is a peripheral T-Cell lymphoma patient.and done 13 chemotheraphy,s done till now.and our oncologist Dr told patient need Autologus Stemcell Transpalnt with M.I.M.E 3 cycles. and can u plz tell me what is the cost for the treatment.and what is the success rate that u will give.and when we get appointment for the treatment.bcz our doctor told me treatement should start with in 25 days. can u plz give me reply fast if possible.my contact num:0000.if u need any information regarding this treatment plz call me.or mail to me. thankyou sir. T.srinivas 0000
output: Cost for the treatment is around 8 to 10 lakhs in our center. This disease is very aggressive and success rate is about 40 percent of curing the disease.  In another 60 percent, we cannot guarantee any cure, as disease may not respond, may come back or transplant related deaths. You can contact our Chat Doctor, BANGALORE center FOR further details

input: sir, MY uncle has ILD-Interstitial Lung disease.from my research over google i found that the cause is important to be known. the cause wat i feel is due to breakage of acid bottle in bathroom which caused lot of smoke and that time he wasnot able to be normal for 15-20 minutes. then he was normal .may be that would have been the reason for this ILD. Please suggest wat we should do
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. OLD (interstitial lung disease) can not be caused by single exposure of any chemical. Chronic exposure (for years) of chemicals can cause OLD. It is not possible to find out cause for each and every OLD patient. Some patients can develop OLD just because of aging (old age). So your uncle is not having OLD due to breakage of acid bottle. He might be having age related OLD. Better to start Perfinodone and N acetyl cysteine (NAC) for OLD rather than searching for cause. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your uncle. Thanks.

input: Hi, My baby was given the BCG vaccine soon after birth. Now she has completed 3months on 24th Mar 2011. Today 29th March the red lump on her left arm busted. At first pus oozed out and then a little blood. BCG vaccine is anti TB, now that the boil has busted will be baby have any effects of TB or has the vaccine done its job. what should i do about the boil now?
output: Hi.a follow-up consultation with your babies pediatrician would be of great help. Depending on his/her assessment, a referral to a general or a pediatric surgeon will be directed accordingly. Antibiotic treatment might be given if the wound is infected. Otherwise, just let the wound resolve spontaneously. Hope this helps. Good day!! ~ Chat Doctor. 

input: my husband was working on a project in the house and all of a sudden a bump about the size of a half dollar appeard on his left leg inside below the knee. He is 69 years old and had triple by pass surgery 7 years ago. It stung when it first happened. Doesn t hurt now. He is seated with his leg ellevated. Is this an emergency?
output: Hello. It could be a blood collection due to minor injury or a vein rupture which is also common at this age. It is not an emergency, but you should apply compression bandage and warm compresses if six hours have past. Furthermore, it should get relieved over the next few days but if it continues to increase or persist then you should see a Doctor who can examine the patient. Take care.  Chat Doctor. 

input: hi my nine year old son had a cough and flu symptons three months ago and the chesty sounding cough and green phlegm still remains. it did seem to get better but never totally went and has now picked up again...he has only ever had antibiotics once in his live which suggests he his generally fitand well and active...never short of breath or weezy...so why would this be....
output: Hi, If the symptoms persist that long this suggests the presence of an allergic element. To treat that kind of allergy you can give him an over the counter antihistamines once daily before going to bed. A cough suppressant as dextromethorphan and an expectorant as Murine will help reduce the cough. Make sure he Chat Doctor.  If the green phlegm persists he might require an antibiotic. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My son has 2 years old completed. He is born with birth asphyxia. Doctor said that, his brain functioning was slow. Now, we are doing physiotherapy, but now he is little bit okay. He can understand sometimes, but other time he is not responding to see anything. He is eating food well. He is not sitting and standing. How many years he will be like this. When he will cure doctor? Plz say any treatment given for my son.
output: Thanx for posting query. Birth asphyxia causes damage to the brain depending upon the severity of asphyxia. You have not mentioned the severity of asphyxia. Otherwise generally mild asphyxia child Chat Doctor.  But in you child s case he seems to be doing well and recovering. I suggest you continue the physiotherapy, and he will be fine, and you can also see any speech therapist for your child.

input: Hello Im a teenager I shave my vaginal area but I have this bump and it itches a lot and when I itch it it swells and turns red I dont wanna see my doctor because Im scared about that kinda stuff Im wondering what it is and how to treat it at home please help me.
output: don't shave your vaginal area. Use hair removing ointment available in market. That will be safe avoid any injury to the vaginal and associated part. Best way is not remove hair in the vaginal area. Nature provide hair in vagina reasonably. Apply some aloe vera gel in the affected area. Apply ice cube to the affected area(ice cube covered with soft cloth.) Medication: Himalaya Chat Doctor. 

input: gyno problemsfor the past few months, I have been having issues with my vagina. there always seems to be something wrong with me. its either an infection or a yeast infection from the medication used to treat the previous infection or a herpes outbreak as a result of a yeast infection. most recently, I had a uti. I was treated for that and everything seemed fine, until after I finished the medication. it still hurt when I had sex and still is uncomfortable to pee. I dont know whats going on and this has been going on for months.
output: Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Recurring yeast / final infection occur due to:1. Improper treatment.2. Inadequate treatment3. Wrong diagnosis.4. Not treating the partner. I would advise you to get a Urine examination done for bacteria and fungus. When the reports are available, get treated. Also, treat your partner. This is my personal opinion for you based on available details. If you have any further query please ask me. Stay HealthyChatDoctor, MD

input: I have found that I have an allergy to leotensin. They have taken me off of everything....I found in the information that one side effect if the red skin lensions with a purple center. I was looking to see if there was anything I could do to help the spots go away. I am a dental hygienist and I will be working the next two days. Is there anything that would cover them, so the patients would not be aware???
output: Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. Allergic reaction takes some time to settle. In the meanwhile you can cover it over the body by wearing appropriate long clothes which can cover most of the body to hide it. If itching occurs then you can take cetirizine once daily to prevent itching. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.

input: Hi my name is Wendy I ve been having an issue for the last couple of months or so I been having severe pain in my lower back around the front into the groin area and its radiating down my thigh and so on I am currently a cancer patient nobody seems to be able to tell me what it could be the pain is so bad that it brings tears to my eyes would you possibly know what it could be or might be
output: HelloThanks for query. You have not mentioned in your query details regarding cancer you are suffering from. The pain in back radiating down to thigh can be mostly due to metastasis in the spines or in to lymph nodes, You need to consult your treating oncologist and get evaluated by doing C. T scan of abdomen and pelvis and Bone scan. Further treatment will depend upon result of these tests and final diagnosis. Chat Doctor. 

input: when the Apex of the Heart is not getting enough blood/oxygen..what is it called? I have a stent in left artery, Been experiencing a lot of multiple systems of Heart Attack lately..Had Angiogram done yesterday,  was told of condition regarding Apex of Heart and put on Betta Blocker.
output: Hi, If some part of the heart doesn't get enough oxygen, it is called ischemia. Hope I could help nourishing you good health In case of further questions don't hesitate to ask

input: hye, My aunt is having shortness of breath and she is on vent now. Her breast showed some kind of infection that apparently turned out to have black blisters. I could she those spreading. When we went for lungs x-ray doctor said she has accumulation of water in her lungs
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your aunts situation and problem. By your history and description, possibility of bacterial infection especially staphylococcus is more in her case. She is having pleural effusion and infective skin lesions on breast. Staphylococcus can cause pleural effusion and blister formation on skin. So chances of staphylococcal infection is more in her case. Better to send pleural fluid culture and sensitivity for the diagnosis of staphylococcal infection. This will also tell about effective antibiotic therapy. With appropriate antibiotics and Care, this infection can be treated. Hope I have solved your query. Wishing good health to your aunt. Thanks.

input: i am 28 yrs old, i got married before 6 year, i was infected by pulmonary tuberculosis before 6 years, i took treatment for 6 months after that i statred gainig weigt, my periods was irredulat, i increased nearlt 20 kgs after that, now my weight is 75 kgs, i trying to conceive, i took tsh, other blood test too, but everything is normal, do i have the chances to conceive
output: Hi, thank you for asking Chat Doctor I understand your concerns No need to worry so much. The chances of conceiving still exist with irregular periods. I don't know if you have been trying to conceive but to no avail. If that is the case, then I think both of you have to be assessed. Infertility within a couple can be linked to a man, woman or both. If everything is fine with you except irregular periods, then I would advise that both of you should see a doctor for assessment and counseling. I hope that helps wish you well

input: I have missed my period in April and took two home pregnancy tests around may 9th whicChatDoctore back positive. I had my blood drawn yesterday to test for hgc, and it came back negative. I was also in alot of back pain yesterday, so they tested me for a UTI, and that test came back positive. So they gave me antibiotics which I am currently taken, however when I came home yesterday I took a home pregnancy test, and I did the same today, botChatDoctore back positive. I have not spotted at all, I have been nausaues and I smell everything, my breasts were tender for about a month, they stopped being last week, but they are still sensitive. I am so confused about whats going on with my body and if I am pregnant or not.
output: What was the first day of your period in April. That will make easier to explain why the test was negative in May 9th. As I see it the blood test taken on May 8th was negative, it means the urine test was phase positive.

input: I sprained my foot on Friday. I stepped on what I thought was lawn. Instead I was a bit on the lawn, but the outside of my foot snapped down into a trough. My foot has been swollen since Friday. Today is Thursday. Kept ice on it for 24 hours. Bruising started after that, Now bruising is spreading. It is really dark on my toes. Pain is on outside of my foot, not on my ankle.
output: Hello, You have sustained twisting injury to foot which may lead to sprain or minor fracture in foot bones. Diagnosis needs to be confirmed by doing x-ray of the involved foot anteroposterior and oblique views to rule out bony abnormalities. If x-ray is normal RICE therapy is needed which means Rest Ice application Compression bandage and Limb Elevation. Tab Diclofenac sodium twice a day for pain relief and tab Choral forte twice a day for swelling reduction is required. If x-ray shows fracture Below knee slab may be given. If X-ray is abnormal please consult orthopedic surgeon nearby your area.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hi, i have been recently diagnosed with H pylori.. i have been give the triple treatment of calithramycin, amoxxicilin and omeprazole.. is dis something very serious and does this have some long term implications etc.can u plz give some detailed information about Hpylori. thnx
output: HiT hanks for choosing Chat Doctor for your query. I appreciate your concern towards H pylori infection which normally causes break in the lining of the stomach (peptic ulcer). H pylori is an exceptional bacterium which can survive in the acidic environment of the stomach producing tissue damage result in ulcer. Since this is a bacterial infection, hence antibiotics are used for 2 weeks to kill H pylori. Along with antibiotics Omeprazole is given for a period of 4-6 weeks to suppress the acid production and to increase the healing process of the ulcer. It is not a serious condition, usually triple treatment is sufficient to cure this condition. You must avoid taking Alcohol, hot and spicy foods, NSAID painkiller, smoking, caffeine, carbonated sweetened soft Chat Doctor. I hope all your doubts have been clarified in a simple language,Feedback in this regard is highly appreciated. Take care

input: I had a alt reading about 2+ months ago of 43 then retested today and got a 60 alt reading my other readings came back normal should I be concerned?Im 40 years 5ft 3 and weigh 192albs have a history of chronic vertigo and insomnia, and chronic sinus problems. I take valium 5 mg 4 times a day, fluticansone 2 puffs each nose once a day, qvair two puffs twice a day to prevent weasing, claritin for allergies, and I do sinus rinses as needed. I am female.My doctor says none of the medicine has liver side effects, and I dont drink alcohol but a sip on the rare occasion. He thinks it could be do my weight and Im working on this with gradual exercise when Im able too. Should I be worried with this test result? I had one other result that was high my triglcyerides read 198 ? WWW.WWWW.WW
output: Hello and thank you for asking Chat Doctor. I have read your report, and I understand your concerns. First I would say to not worry. Normal Alt levels are 7 to 56 unit (depending on from the kits that laboratories use)In one of your tests, your Alt was 60. This level is almost normal and it doesn't always mean a serious condition of your liver. Here are some reasons why a healthy person might have changes in the levels of liver enzymes:-alcohol-exercise -some medications like aspirin, paracetamol,antibiotics, Cholesterol lowering Chat Doctor. 

input: i had surgery done 5 months ago for scar tissue and adhesion removal. my gynecologist just found a cyst on my right ovary. im still having problems, when my husband and i have sex i get severe cervical pain and afterward i get abdominal cramps severe enough i get light headed, also i get abdominal pain and rectal pain before and during a bowel movement, i also get abdominal pain during urination. im 26 years old. what could it be?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. Understood the history well. You have an obvious reason for pain - the adhesions and scar must have reformed. But the history of Dyspareunia, meaning painful sex indicated the is some active inflammatory process still going on in the pelvis called PID-Pelvic Inflammatory Disease. Cystitis and Procto-colitis are the additional problems causing the pain in abdomen and rectum before and during bowel movements as also during urination. Ovarian cyst can cause problem only if it enlarges fast or gets twisted. I would advise you the following::-Contrast enhanced CT scan of the abdomen.-Enteroclysis-Colonoscopy-exploratory Laparoscopy or Laparotomy which will be of diagnostic and therapeutic value. A proper course of an antibiotic, metronidazole, probiotic may help a bit or more.

input: Hi, I had a subarachnoid bleed and coiling of brain aneurysm last year. I am having some major bilateral temple pain along with numbness that comes and goes in my left arm/hand/fingers. I have had headaches since the aneurysm, but this is different. Also, my moods have been horrible for the past few weeks.
output: Aneurysm in brain causes headache due to compression of pain sensitive structure in brain. But pain is usually unilateral not bilateral. This pain will not radiate in both upper limb. Bilateral upper limb pain may be due to cervical spondylosis or other causes. You have anxiety of aneurysm, so due to anxiety your mood is horrible because aneurysm does not cause horrible mood change. So your headache may be chronic tension type headache. You may relieve by antianxiety Chat Doctor. 

input: Almost everytime I eat, it burns when I swallow. Not in my throat but in my chest. It burns all the way down. It helps a lil if I drink water after I swallow. I wake up a lot in the middle of the night with heartburn so I chew some tums and it helps for the most part. Why is it so painful when I eat?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you are mostly having HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease). It is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause burning in chest. So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid stress and tension. 2. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 3. Take proton pump inhibitors and prokinetic Chat Doctor.  4. Keep 2 - 3 pillows under head in the bed to prevent reflux. 5. Quit smoking and alcohol if you have these habits. Lose weight if you are obese. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: for the pst  6 days  i have been haing  upper  abdome  distress ...  i have had gall bladder  surgery  2 yrs  ago ..in the past  2  yrs  when i get these bouts  .. i go to  emerg  they run cardiograms  xrays ,blood work ,all comes back normal  ...im stressing out  over this  as im  scared every time it happens  im having a heart  attack  wht is it  ?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query, read and understood your problems. You are getting bouts of pain in the upper abdomen within the last 2 years particularly after the gall bladder surgery. This is great news that cardiac problems are ruled out by the tests every time in the emergency Room. This means that we have to find a local cause in the abdomen itself. I would suggest the following:Get Ct scan and MRCP for the hepato-biliary- pancreatic system. Also go for upper GI Endoscopy to rule out Gastric ulcer. Cancer. Colonoscopy for the possible problem of the colon in this area. If required a diagnostic Laparoscopy may help to see or rule out the intestinal adhesion due to bands or kinking or so and can be tackled at the same time. This way a final diagnosis and treatment plan can be done to get you permanent results.

input: I have a hole its about the size of a dime at the beggining of my butt crack (gross I know) but Im just wondering how to get rid of it at home I put anti bacterial on it with a q - tip it sizzles but nothing comes out or changes . What do I do ? (At home )
output: **1. Opinion and examination with Surgeon is of utmost importance since hole around butt crack could be :1. Pilonidal dimple not transformed into sinus [beginning stage where pain/discharge is not there], so the best management which can be done at home is: keep the area clean and hygienic2. Do not use a cotton bud to scratch, clean or put into hole.3. It could be pressure sore due to prolonged sitting, or old infected boil which opened and left a big hole, thus Opinion/Examination is needed PS. Take care, not at home, but after surgical evaluation and exploration.

input: Dear Doctor, We are trying to have a baby and gave it a big try this time but as we are planning to go for an Invitro (ICSI) for the next period, my doctor gave me Primolut Not from day 16 to day 25. I am wondering if this will have a negative impact on my pregnancy if I am pregnant because as explained we gave it a big try this time. Thank you in advance for your response. With my Best Regards; Mme Sue
output: Hellos you are going in for CSI next month, your doctor has given you Primal N for regulating the cycles. However, in case you have conceived this month, it is not advisable to take Primal N, as it causes virilization of female fetus and other abnormalities in the baby. There are other formulations of progesterone like Me Chat Doctor. These can be substituted for Primal - N. Please brief your IVF practitioner about the state of affairs and switch over to a safer 

input: Hello, I am in the middle of a serious anxiety/panic attack as I just became aware that I may have a tetanus infection. I am a senior at Clemson University and to be honest the apartment where I resided in the past four months was extremely unsanitary. One toilet was clogged for nearly two months which I now know could have bred bacterial spores that cause tetanus infections. I cut myself shaving around 1 1/2 months ago. I was out of razors and used a razor that had been sitting in the bathroom with the clogged up toilet I mentioned above. I did clean the razor with rubbing alcohol before use however I had an open wound on my face for a while.. About a week. For about a month now I have been feeling extremely irritable, experiencing lockjaw symptoms, been short of breath, had fevers on and off, heart palpitations, and I have noticed that when I smile my face contorts into what one would call a sardonic smile. Am I going to die? Please let me know your opinion
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, I have gone through your query and understand your concern. Tetanus is a bacterial disease by clostridium retain. There is no cure for tetanus, but it can be prevented by adequate vaccination. Usual symptoms are all due to painful contraction of muscles as it affects our nervous system. Spasms and stiffness in your jaw muscles, stiffness of your neck muscles, difficulty swallowing, stiffness of your abdominal muscles, painful body spasms lasting for several minutes, typically frittered by minor occurrences, such as a Chat Doctor. If you are not get immunized for tetanus, you should start tetanus toxic vaccination now itself. First 2 doses at 4 weeks apart. Third dose after 6 months. After that your immunity may stand up to 10 years. Thank you.

input: Hi hope you can helpive been getting chest pains, not severe but a constant pain, can happen when im just resting but has also happened when im exercising, it continues through to my back as well. I sometimes wake up with chest pains too. i have a strong history of heart disease. grandfather died at 26 from a heat attack and mother had one at 45, also grandmother on the other side had a heart attack. Could you please explain what is happening? Thanks
output: HelloThanks for posting at Chat Doctor. You have not provided your age on the details. I would have been able to help u better had you mentioned your age. You have complaints of chest pain radiating to back with strong family history. So in your case it is better that we evaluate you for presence of heart disease. I recommend an ECG and 2d echo initially. If both these tests are normal you can proceed for a treadmill test which requires you to walk on a treadmill while your ECG is continuously monitored. This will show if the heart blood supply suffers while you are exercising which indirectly predicts whether you have blockages in your heart. Please do the above tests and revert. Wishing you good healthRegards.

input: Im 28 year old and suffering from male baldness pattern. I started using RICHFEEL tricology centres saw palmetto treatment but it didnt help, then I tried Minoxidil 5%  but discontinued it after 12 days after having some side effects (some tiny boils on my forehead). Kindly suggest me which medicine i should take.
output: Hi, You may stop it for a few days. Take oral treatment like tab finasteride 1 mg daily with tab biotin 10 mg thrice a day. Cleanse the scalp with ketoconazole shampoo daily. After a few days you may restart the minoxidil. Tiny boils may be folliculitis. Take a course of antibiotic like cap Doxycycline. Avoid stress and worries. Continue treatment for long time to get good result in an Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Please help me.... what is the fastest   least expensive   and least painful   at home  cure for gential or anal warts..... I have no health insurance, very little income, and I have tryed the avc treatment, tea tree oil method, and others multiple times none if which worked
output: Hello the best method for removal of warts is to leave them just like that, if in case they are not causing any difficulties to you. If in case they are causing problem, then the best way is to remove them do visit a surgeon, he will help you better

input: I too fell and hurt my left side of my chest. I have a large lump and I am very black and blue. I need to fly out on Sunday this fall happen last Sunday. I have been taking aleve for pain and arnica gel. Should I be worried about the flight? I am 70 Thank you,
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorYou may be having rib fractures. You have to do x-ray chest as early as possible. Rib fractures can cause pneumothorax/air in chest or hemothorax/blood in the chest which will be seen on x-ray. Only rib fractures needs no treatment except painkillers. But if pseudo or hemothorax is present that needs ICD tube insertion in the chest. In that case air travel should be avoided. Regards

input: I have had a few small hard painless bumps where my cheek goes to my gums. this may sound terrible but they have been there, the same size & number for about a year if I remember correctly (scratch that, I just talked with a friend of mine & remebered they have been there for four years) & I have yet to tell my dentist about them. any thoughts? I am a 16 yr. old male & have used snuff habitually before, for only a few years but none the less.
output: Taking snuff for a prolonged period is not known to cause cancer, but it may lead to a number of local infections. Also, such people have a number of vitamin deficiencies which may also lead to irregularities in the cheeks and gums. I would advise you to take an antibiotic and antifungal (Tab Ciprofloxacin 500 mg twice daily +Tab For can 150 mg twice daily) plus a multivitamin (Tab B-Complex twice daily), all for 15 days. If your bumps don't improve by then, you should consult a surgeon.

input: my mother is 80 yrs. detected with vulva cancer. vulva is swollen red ,around discolourisation, white growth now extending to rectum. biopsy shows keratinizing squamous carcinoma vulva(welldifferentiated,invasive).she is little asthmatic, has cervical spondeolytis .
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. She has well differentiated keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma.  If her general health is good then treatment of choice is wide excision of carcinoma followed by chemotherapy or radiotherapy if needed. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Suddenly this morning I got really excruciating lower right back pain. I was standing in the kitchen and it came on suddenly. It s the lower right side. It does not go down in the my legs it s just isolated to my back. I have no nausea or no blood in my urine. Any idea on what it could be?
output: Hello! Welcome to Chat Doctor ! Lower back pain may cause by right lumber disc prolapse whicChatDoctorpresses the nerve. But exact other causes are diagnosed by physical examination or by MRI. Common causes of lower backache and leg pain is a lumbar ruptured disc or herniated disc. Symptoms of a herniated disc may include dull or sharp pain, muscle spasm or cramping, sciatica, and leg weakness or loss of leg function. Sneezing, coughing, or bending usually intensify the pain. Rarely bowel or bladder control is lost, and if this occurs, seek medical attention at once. Sciatica is a symptom frequently associated with a lumbar herniated disc. Pressure on one or several nerves that contribute to the sciatic nerve can cause pain, burning, tingling, and numbness that extends from the buttock into the leg and sometimes into the foot. Usually one side (left or right) is affected. Take care 

input: Hey I am on my third antibiotic and still coughing and my ribs are killing me especially right side. Doc claims it is viral cough syndrome left over from bronchitis . I do not think so. No fever the whole time. Xray was clear on lungs. Taking mucinex, third antibiotic, inhaler and can not get better. Ulcers in mouth and my face in breaking out bad. Been sick since December 28,2012.
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum. The reasons for persistent cough, without findings in the lungs might, Uveitis a growth at the end of the throat, by touching the pharynx cause severe cough. For this type of cough you need to use cough suppressants like dexametarphane, codeine, etc which are present in some cough syrups.  Best thing to get relief immediately is Darling with Luke warm salt water 2 or 3 times a day. Avoid taking fruits, juices, ice creams, ice water to Chat Doctor.  I advise you to consult an E.N.T.surgeon who is the doctor concerned with the causes in the pharynx.  Wishing for a quick and comfortable relief, and thanks for calling.

input: Hi My mrs has this heart murmur, which is causing the blackouts, and she has panic attacks. Yesterday the doctor was quite concerned at how her blood pressure was so high, and then a couple of weeks go when she had her smear, it was too low. She has now got this bruising appearing around her lower back too, and i don t know how its been caused. I m really worried about her. Is this seriouse?
output: Hello, I would explain that a heart murmur could be related a structural heart abnormality.  For this reason, I would recommend performing a cardiac ultrasound and a resting ECG in order to examine her heart function and structure.  Considering her blackout attacks, I would recommend performing some tests too:- complete blood count for anemia,- thyroid hormone levels for thyroid gland dysfunction- blood electrolytes for possible imbalance.  An ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring would help examine her heart rhythm trends for a prolonged time and exclude possible cardiac arrhythmia.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi! I am Neeraj Sharma (26 male) from New Delhi, India. 03 months ago, i saw same dry skin rashes on my body (Hands, stomach & butt). Firstly, ignored them & put ring gard (anti fungal cream) on as those were looking like ring worm initially but i consulted to skin doctor, he referred for VDRL & TPHA test. My vdrl found +ve till 1:16 in dilution but TPHA found -ve. I went for second opinion from more advanced Lab after 02 days from the previous test. Both VDRL & TPHA found -ve. Then doctor gave me few antibiotics tablet & cream. All the rashes vanished but 02-03 rashes on arms turned into white spot. I also take urine test 01 week ago & stool test yesterday. My urine test was found ok but there is bacteria in my stool test. Kindly suggest me as i am in depression from last 20 days.
output:  Chat Doctor. Sometimes they leave behind hypopigmentation after getting cured. Apply a moistening cream along with mo mate ointment on the spots

input: Hello, I have been experiencing pain on my upper right quadrant for 2 years now. It s a chronic nagging dull pain that comes and goes but worsens when I drink alcohol or coffee. I tested negative for h. pylori but am nervous it s something worse than an ulcer. I don t have health insurance.
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having something with liver. There might be having possibility of having gall bladder stones. Chronic gastritis or gastric ulcer should be ruled out as well. Go for ultrasound abdomen for exact cause of your problem. Avoid alcohol. Avoid spicy and junk food. Meanwhile, take omeprazole. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, my husband and I have been trying to get pregnant for 13 months now, we have just to our tests back from the sperm analysis clinic and my pelvis ultrasound and they are both ok. I have to wait for my blood tests which willbe takin in three weeks. What other factors could cause negative results? Would ibuprofen and coffee be a factor?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to us.  You should consult an infertility specialist because there are many other reasons for infertility (tubal blockade).  Yes painkiller in excessive amount and coffee may also decrease fertility.  Good luck.  Take care.

input: I am suffering fron severe hair loss..I have taken Homeopathy treatment from Dr Batra for abot 18 months,but it didnt helped.Instead it has become worst.Is it safe to go for antibiotics for hairfall.If its effective please suggest me some experienced dermatologist in Hyderabad India.
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor, antibiotic have no role in hair fall. You are suffering from an Chat Doctor. Minoxidil 5% is FDA approved medication for an

input: I am on metformin 1000mg bid for pcos & was prescribed Percocet 10/650 for a severely displaced fracture needing surgery. I drink a glass of red wine nightly for heart heglth Bhc cardiac disease runs in my family... Should I be concerned a our elastase liver function test? I am also on Zoloft 150 daily, adderall 30mg bid & clonazepam as needed who I take a few night a a week
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You taken percent, clonazepam, Zoloft, Adderall so in my opinion you should avoid alcohol. It will damage the liver and will put you in trouble. You should check your liver enzymes levels once and also go for ultrasound abdomen once to rule out any alcoholic liver disease. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any doubts then feel free to ask me. I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I stopped taking microgestin, mid-pack, on 12/5/13 after being on it for 2 1/2 months. I had withdrawal bleeding 12/9/13 - 12/13/13.I was supposed to get my period 1/5/14 but i am late. Before birth control my cycles were always regular and always 28-29 days. My boyfriend and i have been using the pullout method frequently before and after stopping the pill. Could i be pregnant?
output: Hallow Dear, Since you are no more on the birth control pills now, you are no more having any contraceptive protection. Pull out technique is not a safe and reliable technique for contraception. In this method, the penis is pulled out of vagina before the ejaculation takes place. However, before ejaculation, pre-seminal or pre-ejaculatory secretions (pre-cum) are deposited in the vagina unknowingly. Pre-cum does contain some sperms which are capable of impregnating a woman. Now that you have missed your period, please get your pregnancy test done on overnight morning first urine sample a week after the missed period; earlier, the test may report false negative. Alternatively, you may perform Beta Chat Doctor test on the blood. This will help you detect your pregnancy status. If you are not pregnant, you may take some progestational preparation like Devilry for 5 days (with advice of a Gynecologist). Then within 4-7 days, you should get with Chat Doctor.  However, if you are pregnant, you may opt for medical termination of pregnancy. Since you are regularly engaged in sexual activity and do not want to continue with oral contraceptive pills, please adopt some other reliable contraceptive method like condom or intrauterine device. I hope this clarifies the issue. 

input: I started using new makeup products and dermatology skin care products, and have recently noticed some itchy bumps forming around underneath my chin on my neck and have itchy ear lobes and one morning woke up with swollen eyelids, which is something I ve never experienced. Is this an allergic reaction to a product, and if it is, how do I know which one it is?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorThis could be hypersensitive reaction because of the cosmetic product that is being used in my opinion the condition need be treated with Beclomethasone cream and Tab Levocetrizine 10 mg three times in day hope this information helps.

input: I am going through Jaundice due to Hepatitis E, my stomach has gone too much weak, at time a lot of acidity. I was in hospital for 5 days but now feeling much better then before and my Total bilirubin has come down to 5 and liver enzymes are around 1400. Body is too much fluctuating, at times i feel better and at times i feel pathetic. I am on complete rest, at times i walk around else not much of physical work. I am taking monolive but i can see Liv52 is more famous, should i change that?
output: HelloThanks for asking query on HC. I presume that you have been diagnosed with acute hepatitis E based on the relevant tests. You must know that acute hepatitis E is a self limiting disease, only needs supportive care. You are correctly started on Mongolia (UCA), please continue that, no need to change to Liv 52. Furthermore, you may also require acid suppressing and antiemetic tablets like - Antacid DSR along with some vitamin supplements. Have good quality food with necessary proteins and vitamins. You will become normal in another weak. Mind you bilirubin is the last thing to normalize. So don't worry about that. Alarm signs which one should keep in mind are - excessive sleepiness, bleeding manifestations and inability to eat anything. Take care.

input: My family has recently gotten the scabies mite... WE have cleaned our house top to bott om with hot soapy water, Rid, Used a cleaner on carpet/couch. we treated ourselfs with Permethern cream, Eurax, and i have used tea tree oils, poroxide, etc. Everyone but me and a older son has kicked it. I have went as far as sanding my skin....My question is what do I do to rid it once and for all SAFETLY! I was told Borax in a tub ....is that safe? HELP
output: Hi and thank you so much for this query. Can be very disturbing to get your entire household infested by scabies. Hygiene is the rule. Treating every sick person, washing and disinfection all linen as well as ironing would ensure that this bug is gotten rid of. So step up your personal hygiene after treating every affected individual and disinfecting all linen. I hope this ad Chat Doctor.  Feel free t ask for more information if needed. Thanks for using this panel for your questions.

input: Hi, didn t expect to get a real person, but since your are here, I will tell you about symptoms I have been having. I think they are panic or anxiety attacks, but who knows. I get a tight feeling in the back of my head that moves to my temples then down into my throat and eventually down the middle of my chest. I get very emotional when this happens and after all that, I can t catch my breath and my heart beats really fast. It usually goes away in 2 or 3 minutes, if I can sit down and concentrate on my breathing. I recently had an MRI and my heart was found to be OK......any ideas????
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  You are mistaken. We are human beings and are here to answer your queries. You can expect answer from a real person here. In anxiety attacks, obsession with a thought brings anxiety symptoms and then comes emotions. Before the symptoms comes, there is always apprehension. Anxiety attack or panic attack is always an after effect of anxiety. What is your reason for anxiety? Any fear, stress, molestation, health related worries? Find out and you shall get the answer. The answer shall help cure your condition. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi I am 38 years old not pregnat. I been having lower abdominal movement for a moth. first was sometimes in the last two weeks it move so much it wake me up. not gas, not diarrea, I do been having headache. the movement is not like I need to use the bathroom. it so weir it feel like I am pregnat.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and a classical history. This is called Pseudocyesis, wherein the female person / patient gets all the symptoms and signs of pregnancy but the tests and ultrasonography will be negative. This is classical example of a want of motherhoodThis can be taken as a normal behavior, not a disease. Get a consultation with a senior Gynecologist, who can counsel you the best.

input: How can I help my Sz friend and convince her to seek help? She has been in the believe that our town is nearly empty and people have disappeared. She is very stubborn and hard to tell her she is wrong. She has been diagnosed with Sz 35 yrs ago. She is now aged 64. Symptoms are getting worse and she has had outbursts of verbal abuse. She has been hospitalized many times before, but once back home she is not monitored for longer than a month or so. Then it all starts over again. She does not believe that she is ill, but in fact thinks that everyone around her is wrong. We love to help her, but don t know how. Thank you in advance! Kind regards, Betty B.
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor In schizophrenia, patient usually have poor insight due to which they feel, they are not ill. In that case, they need medication. In you friend case, she should get hospitalized as soon as possible and put her on long acting antipsychotic injection that would keep her in good shape.  Thanks

input: I fell on uneven sidewalk on July 3rd and hurt my knee: I had no problem walking and I didn t have much pain just bruising on my knee with tenderness. Now as the bruising is entering the purple/green phase I am starting to get a lot of swelling in my calf and ankle- what should I do ??
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You're swelling of foot and calf may be related to edema after injury. It is useful to keep limb elevated. Active toe movement will be useful to reduce swelling. Analgesic such as ibuprofen is useful to get relief from pain. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: Dear doctor, i am 33 male recently i have undergone pre employment medical check up and it was found that i have sgpt- 194 except this all test are absolutely normal test includes 1) CBC2. ESR and liver test 3. Urine Routine 4. Blood Group & Rh Factor 5. X-ray (Chest)6. General Physical Examination7. Fasting Blood Sugar &Post Prandial Blood Sugar8. Total Cholesterol9. ECG10. Serum Creatininenow they have advised me to got my ultrasound done full abdomen. i have got it done today and every thing is normal and they found mild fatty liver. Another thing i want to share that i was suffering from loose motions and was on Ofloxacin-200mg with ornidazole500mg B.D dosage (oflox OZ )medication for 2days and continued ofloxacin-200 B.D dosage (oflox) for another 3days as was suffering cold and cough also.now i need to go to gastro doctor to get the ultrasound reports checked. Just want to know what could be the reason for this elevated SGPT and will i get the clearance for joining new company.what should i do to lower my SGPT levels?? and what diet i should follow i am not a heavy drinker just take drinks occasionally and i am not fond of junk food as well.
output: Hello, I can understand your concern for abnormal blood report.1) Your symptom of loose motion might be due to indigestion. There is no role of antibiotic in this. Instead, you should take intestinal digestive enzyme supplementation.2) Elevated SGPT level indicate either liver function is weak or liver has too much load to work. Fatty liver is condition in which excessive fat get deposited in liver tissue and affect liver function. This is the reason for elevated SGPT level in your case.3) Fatty liver is due to high level of fat in blood stream secondary to lipid (fat)-rich diet. This might lead to elevated cholesterol level. Thus, it is recommended for you to undergo lipid profile test.4) Mild fatty liver is reversible condition. You should do - regular exercise, intermittent fasting (weekly once), high protein diet, low fat-diet, use of omega-3 fatty acid containing oil in food preparation, avoidance of alcohol intake. Your SGPT level can come to normal range with these measure in 15-20 days. Hope I answered your query. If you have any further question, I would be happy to help you. Have a nice day!

input: Hello, My name is Wanda I am a 40year old female with type one diabetes (have had it for 7 years ) I have had a tooth infection in my gums for honestly on and off for about 2 years it swells up then bursts with yellowish clear pus above a tooth which needs to be pulled. I have felt like Ive had a sinus cold for the past few weeks and then discovered a sore on the inside of my left nostil.. could they be connected
output: Hello Wanda and welcome. Thanks for sharing your concern. The roots of upper molars are in very proximity with the maxillary sinus above.Therefore, sometimes it becomes difficult to diagnose whether the patient presents pain due to tooth infection or sinusitis. But clinical evaluation with supporting x-rays makes it clear whether the origin of infection is teeth or sinus.Therefore, in my view please meet your dentist/ENT specialist for a sinus view x-ray. This will make things pretty clear.Meanwhile, do take good care of yourself.ET us know for further doubts. Thanks. Take care.

input: I had a partial root canal roughly 36 hours ago on my lower left rear molar (wisdom teeth extracted years ago).  The doctor drilled out the pulp (noting that it was mostly dead) and put on a temporary filling until the root canal specialist could see me.  Now, about 36 hours later, Im in quite a bit of pain again, both on the tooth that was operated on and in a molar on the top of my jaw and in the back jaw muscle.  My neck is rather swollen too and is tender to the touch.  I have plans to travel tomorrow by plane to see some family and go diving.  Is my condition something that requires immediate attention?  Should I not be flying or diving?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor forum. Dead pulp inside a root canal is almost always infected with several bacteria. Now, while removing those dead pulp/ remaining tissue or washing the root canal, there is every possibility that some part of that infected material pushed through the root apex foramen(hole) to the surrounding area. Naturally that area become infected and in many instances the infection expressed as an acute infection of root apex area with pain and may be with swelling. It is called ENDODONTIC FLARE UP. It may happen in 50% patients after the cleaning of root canal. The dentist has no control over it. There is no need of postponing your travel schedule. You should start an antibiotic like Augmenting or same type (Amoxicillin 500 mg + Clavulanic acid 125 mg) 8 hourly for 5 days. Along with that you have to take Diclofenac 100 mg + Paracetamol 500 mg, 3 times a day in full stomach. If you have a history of excessive acidity, you have to take 10 ml of any liquid antacid before taking Diclofenac.  Your pain will subside with in 2 to 3 days. But continue Antibiotic for 5 days. Best wishes.

input: My doctor had issue with finding the baby during my transvaginal ultrasound is that because I had to pee she could see the yoke sac and I measured 9 weeks but what she thought was the baby was measuring 7 weeks. I am just worried and want to know if that interfered
output: Hello,First, do not panic. As you might be aware that yolk sac is a structure attached with an embryo-baby, for its nutrition in early pregnancy. The reason for not finding the baby and only finding the yolk sac can be small pregnancy duration may be due to delayed ovulation and delayed conception. I will suggest you get a repeat ultrasound done after two weeks. Please start on Folic acid and vitamin B 12 supplements. Option for a healthy diet and regular exercise regimen. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have an unidentified rash on lower legs, joint pain, CA level 10.6, chloride 94 CO2 34. total hysterectomy 1/2011 5 units of blood urether repaired bc of nick... hernia repaired 5/2011 chest x-ray normal. pth normal thyroid studies normal sed rate 11 no one can figure out what I have. Don t feel good...
output: Hello, Inflammatory arthritis would present with symptoms as described by you. An consultation with rheumatologist is advisable at this point of contact. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I hit a volleyball this after with the underside if my hand (made a fist) it bent my wrist backward causing pain. Now about 7 hrs later it is still very painful to my hand backwards and all to put pressure on my wrist. These are fairly sharp pains. It does not hurt to pick things up or grip most objects. There is only pain when I move my hand. Thank you.
output: Dear patient You must have injured wrist ligament due to extreme stretching while playing and this is leading to pain. Still possibility of fracture needs to be ruled out, and I would advise X-ray of involved wrist with hand anteroposterior and lateral views.  Visit radiology center nearby you and get it done. If report is normal diagnosis is wrist sprain.  Avoid game for 2 weeks and apply wrist binder for 3 weeks. Start tab diclofenac plus serratiopeptodase combination twice a day for 5 days for pain relief. If X-ray report is abnormal you need to consult expert orthopedic surgeon with report.  All the best.

input: I have a pacemaker, due to atrial fibrillation, and have been put on coumadin. It does not seem to thin my blood, and am on 750 mg a day, and it makes me nauseous and extremely dizzy, to the point where I can t function. Are there any foods that help thin the blood? Also, do fish oils help or hinder the thinning process? I would really like to take less medication and get results that are favorable.
output: Hi, Green leafy vegetables like spinach, broccoli and food rich in vitamin K antagonize the effect of medicine. So these should be consumed in moderate amount, since we can't stop green vegetables altogether. And importantly, daily this intake should be kept constant otherwise effects may fluctuate.  Fish doesn't have significant effect on Chat Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hey mia.I m a 22 year old girl. During my periods i suffer from severe pain in lower abdomen, back and my legs(thighs). I have not taken any pain killers yet for the same. But now the pain is becoming untolerable for me. I want to ask that is taking pain killers safe in the long run?? During my periods i usually lose my apetitte and energy.
output: This is common in females. These symptoms happen due to hormonal changes. There is no harm in taking pain medicine for short period. Painkillers for weeks to months is not advisable. I would suggest consulting a gynecologist and rule out any serious issues related to uterus such as uterine fibroid or endometriosis. Thanks.

input: i have really bad back pain from having my daughter 2yrs ago, and lately i feel the top left part of my back going part way numb, and i wake up with it numb even if i did sleep on it. i noticed this a few weeks ago wanted to know if i should worry..(my legs go numb faster than usual too for about the last year)
output: Hi, I read your question. I believe your symptoms are of concern, I would recommend you to visit an orthopedic surgeon and also get a X-ray and a MRI scan done of the back. I am worried about spinal cord involvement and early diagnosis and treatment will do you a lot of good.I hope this help swish you a very healthy life.

input: My younger brother liver & spleen got enlarged. Hepatitis B&C found in blood. Mild ascitis & SOL on both lube of liver found. His age is 15. Weight is 28 kg. He is having serious less appetite. I am attaching the all the reports. Please advice us how to proceed and the exact condition of the patient.Here two doctors said he will need a full liver transplantation...
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor ... Your brother have both hepatitis b and c positive.... Your brother might have chronic liver affection with it can be cirrhosis liver associated... Morever you are mentioning space occupying lesion in liver... It should be investigated for malignancy as chance of development of hepatocellular carcinoma more if both B and C hepatitis present... For that contrast enhanced CT scan with AFP estimation can be done... If needed for confirmation USG guided biopsy might be needed.... Ultimate treatment for chronic liver problem is liver transplantation... Your report attached cant seen here in public forum questions... For more opinion you can consult gastroenterologist .... You can take follow up advise by using premium questions...Meanwhile, take low fat diet... Fruits taken more... Green leafy vegetables useful.... Take early in morning grinned spinach and carrot juice.... Hope you concern solved.... Take care.... Chat Doctor. 

input: as I was getting ready to sleep I began feeling symptoms of low glucose ... I immediately checked my blood. It read 68 ... I noticed a faint numbness in both feet and left arm and hand ... my heart rate is also a bit elevated ... I have eaten a little bit and feel better but my level has not improved ... now I m nervous to sleep
output: Hello, Low blood glucose can be due to decrease intake of food with excess hard work or exercise. You should keep balance between hard work and intake of food, do not fast frequently. But if this happens without reason and frequently then consult to your doctor and get yourself evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hi there My husband has a brain tumor, it is very rare and is called Condrosarcoma. In May 2011 when it was diagnosed it was as big as my fist. A local Neurosurgeon took a biopsy and could only remove a 3rd of the tumor. He had radiation for about 2 months every day, but it does not seem like the tumor is dying. It has gone into every little opening expl his sinus openings ext. Is there anything that you can do for him?
output: Hello, Since the tumor is expanding the best way for your husband is to undergo a more aggressive surgery. There are serious risks also that you should consider. Take a second opinion from another Neurosurgeon in your country. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi Over the past 2 days I have had a sore jaw on the right side only. Doesn t feel sore on the outside of my face, but extremely tender on the tendon that attaches jaw together. Inside of cheek also appears swollen. Right side of tongue feels strange, and slightly sore to swallow also. I m 40 but my wisdom teeth never came in, could this be a cause?
output: Hello, I can understand your concern. Usually, wisdom teetChatDoctore in mouth at the age of 18 to 25 years. However, as you have never had them in mouth, it is possible that they might be impacted or locked in the jaw. As right side of jaw is causing you pain, let us focus on that only. Due to absence of physical space to come out in mouth or due to its improper position, it might be possible that the wisdom tooth of that side was locked in the jaw all this time and now might be impinging on the muscle of the mastication or nerve that supplies tongue causing you the pain and discomfort you are experiencing. It is also a possibility that a tooth might be decayed on the side of the jaw that is causing you problems, has developed an abscess that is causing these symptoms. In both cases, you need to visit a dentist to get an oral examination to find out if any tooth is decayed and taking x-ray of the wisdom tooth area to diagnose wisdom tooth related problem. By the time you ET an appointment of the dentist, Ibuprofen 400 mg thrice a day will help you in getting relief from pain. Please refrain from hot water gargles or heat compression as if the pain would be abscess related, it would worsen. I hope this information helps you. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. I wish you feel better soon. Best,

input: Hi, Can anyone give me the solution for Aplastic Anemia ? my 4 years old daughter suffering from Aplastic anemia since April 2010. Regards, Vinod
output: Dear Vinod:Thanks for the query. There are different modalities. The treatments depend on severity of the problem. If it is less severe the immune-modulator medications-Antithymocyte globulin (ATG), cyclosporin (CSA), and cyclophosphamide are useful. She requires intermittent blood transfusions. If it is more severe, she needs Bone Marrow transplantation (BMT) from appropriate donor which is the definitive treatment. She needs conditioning before transplantation with ATG/cyclophosphamide so that the graft (BMT) will not be rejected. You can refer to the article in emedicine.medscape.com: This is the URL of article:http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/198759-overview.  

input: Lately I have been having the feeling of pounding in my chest at night when I lie down to sleep.  Usually an hour into lying down.  I never have heartburn and I have never had symptoms other than possibly this one but I think this might be GERD.  Im 34, female, a healthy weight, eat healthy -lots of fruit, veggies, and work out 3-4 times a weight with cardio and weights and yoga.  I believe this is GERD at night because I tested taking zantac a few times and the pounding did not happen.  I havent been eating too close to bed - eat about 2-3 hours before bed, and usually have salad. I think possibly its my birth control.  I take birth control right before I go to sleep at night on an empty stomach.  i am wondering if maybe switching that to daytime use and having it with lunch with get rid of symptoms.  Could the birth control be the cause?  I recently had a checkup and I was fully heathy, my blood test had all my vitamins and minerals in the normal range and my heart checked out.
output: Possible it is HERD as you are suspecting. Try taking the medication with food as well as take antacid every night for a period of a week. Also try to elevate your head end by extra pillows at night. Might give you some relief.

input: I HAVE HAD SEVERAL TIAS BEFORE THE AGE OF 40 AND JUST RECENTLY I HAD DIFFICULTIES ORGANSIZING MY THOUGHTS AND THEN TRYINGTO SAYING WHAT WAS IN MY BRAIN HAPPENED APRIL 15 AND THEN THE NEXT DAY WHEN I ANSWERED THE PHONE WERE I VOLUNTEERED IT HAPPENED AGAIN; I COULD NOT SAY GOOD AFTERNOON SHIRLEY SPEAKING HOW MAY I HELP YOU. ANY SUGGESTIONS WHAT I WAS EXPERIENCING?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Q1 : ANY SUGGESTIONS WHAT I WAS EXPERIENCING? A1 : This is probably Multi Infarct DementiaFurther Course of Treatment depends on Clinical Examination, Funds Examination, MUSE, Radiological Evaluation. Please Consult a neurosurgeon in person Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask

input: Hi. I am 24, male, weight - 63 kg, height 170 cm. I have a cyst on the inner side of the upper left arm. It s almost near the skin surface, and appears like a swollen rounded part of a vein. It does not hurt in general unless it is pressed hard. However it has grown very slowly over the past three years.It s not too hard, not to soft to press and does not move about much when pressed. Any idea as to what it can be? Thanks.
output: Hello...you should get done ultrasonogram examination along with color Doppler scan of local area to rule out the exact pathology

input: My son is 1 yr 8 months old...he is not walking on his own...so dr suggested MRI n MRI report shows .ventricular system appears mildly prominent,normal in shape position and signal morphology,cisternal and sulcal spaces are mildly prominent,small faint hyperintense areas noted in bilateral periventricular frontal and Pareto occipital regions.rests things are normal....pls tell me wat does it means
output: Hi...though I do not have the images of the MRI before me right now, by what you quote, I feel it should be - Periventricular Leukoplakia - a condition which occurs in prematurely or underweight born babies. Their mentation and IQ will be perfect, but they will have problems with their legs and walking. Usually there won't be any problem with the hands. This condition is called - Spastic Diplopia and is amenable for physiotherapy. Please do not worry as the kid will get better with physiotherapy. Regards - 

input: Hi. My 18month old has had red and swollen eyes for about 5 days. I took him to his doctor and they have no idea what is wrong. His eye itself is unaffected. It seems to be isolated to the outside of the eye (eye lid, and beneath. Just last night he broke out in a rash all over his body. I need ANSWERS badly. Can you help?
output: Hello. I'm a pediatrician. From your description I think he might be having present orbital cellulitis. In this condition soft tissue around eye is infected. Baby will be toxic and having high fever. Eyes may be swollen, it massive be difficult to open eye. Rash on rest body might be due to Chat Doctor.  Consult ophthalmologist and pediatrician. If it is really orbital cellulitis then baby might be needing admission

input: Sir, my son 2 yrs old. He is having Wheezing problem, being medicated with levolin and occationally omacorticoid.  When we go for blood test - TC normal 8300 celis/cu.mm; Polymorphs 24%; lymphocytes 69%, absolute esinophilcount 581cells/cu mm; eosinophil 07%; monocytes and basophils 0%. he has lost 1.5 kg in amonth but apper to be recovering marginally by 0.5 kg now. He has intermittant abdominal pain. Chest x ray nromal.
output: Hi, Wheezing is indicating a very bad pulmonary infection. The abdominal pain he is having is due to use of the Chat Doctor.  I advise to:- give him more water or other liquids-give probiotics to normalize intestinal flora-give foods that won't cause his stomach to become upset-be close with his doctor for regular follow-ups. Wish fast recovery!

input: I fell down three stairs on my buttocks, when I got up I almost passed out I ran to my bed and waited till I felt better. I have been feeling nauseated since then and cant stand for a long period of time without feeling like im going to be sick. It is also painful to sit. Im on blood thinners what should I do?
output: Dear France pain is from muscular strain due to injury. You can take analgesic like ibuprofen or if severe pain take combination of diclofenac+paracetamol+chlorzoxazon/serratiopeptidase with omeprazole/pantoprazole + risperidone to relieve nausea for 2-3 days. This will clear all symptoms. If symptoms are severe consult your family doctor first. Hope this answer will be helpful to you. For more queries please don't hesitate to ask. Get well soon.

input: Do you take multiple chemical sensitivities seriously and understand how debilitating fragrance chemicals are? Do you think there is always an under-lying cause for scent sensitivity/allergy (yes, I have allergic reactions to dryer sheets like Bounce and Scent Boosters)ie rash hot prickly skin, swelling of tongue, extreme thirst... do you think (my) immune system was already compromised or do you think the neurotoxic petro chemicals in fragrance products alone can cut a person s life down to the knees overnight?
output: It's a very good question and thousands of people who read it, I fact, can reap the benefits out of suggestions given herein, based on the principles of Ayurveda - the nascent science of life.First there is a principle cited in Ayurveda about how to prevent/ cure a disease. Its NIDAANPARIVARJAN (in Sanskrit language) which literally means avoidance of the cause. Now, in many cases people are not able to change jobs or circumstances are such that they have to remain in such conditions. Here comes the principle of PRAANVAYU (richness of oxygen and fresh air) that is achieved by rhythms of deep breathing exercises called PRAANAYAM. Indias Yoga has spread to the World and people who are aware are enjoying the benefits. It enhances immunity, gives strength to fight allergens and extends life as also betters quality of life. Then there are herbs to naturally support the fight of body against allergens. Simple herbs like Turmeric, Need, Manisha, Gilroy, Quasi (Holy basil) etc. not only counter allergens but detoxifies the blood and also raise natural immunity. The hitch among beginners is its slow pace of action. Yes naturals are slow as compared to man made synthetic and toxic medicines but then what advantage has these fast Chat Doctor.  No doubt modern synthetics have won in emergency situations and saved lives. But lifestyle disorders and the one you are suffering from needs naturals to support you. These do not have side effects, no interaction with 

input: dear doctor, in hot and humid weather my 5 year old get some sort of pimples here and there on her body....i hv put her on homeopathy and also put spirit on it which prevents pimple from growing further....shown her to her paeditrician who saying she just has sensitive skin and hasnt given her medicine...homeopathy is specifically for staphlococci bacteria.....doctor feels i dnt need a blood test....will the problem go away in a few days with homeopathy and spirit application...i worry abt extreme situations like bacteia contaminating blood etc....am i just overdoing it as she absolutely fine and no fever or discomfort....she tuchwud fine and just sweats a lot due to humidity.....pl tell is this common in kids and any cause to worry...hope nothing infects blood as no major medication gvn by doctor
output: Hi, Is she having fever? How are the lesions-itchy / fluid filled / pus filled? It was helpful if you can send us a picture. In hot and humid climate, most likely this is Emilia- small pimples over the skin due to clogging and blockage of sweat glands. In absence of secondary infection (painful / edematous / pus filled), this does not require any specific treatment other than avoiding direct sunlight and keeping the skin cool with wet moping 3-4 times a day(apart from routine bath). If itchy, I used to give calamine lotion and antihistamine like levocetirizine for few days. In short, if she is not febrile and the lesions are not with surrounding edema / pain / tenderness / pus filled-this does not indicate bacterial infection-hence no need of antibiotics and no chance of blood contamination. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi doctor, i feel some times tremors in my hands (not regularly my hand are shaken..some times i feel very normal)..i.e while signing or filling bank cheque, while handling dinner plates in any family function, while taking cup of tea or coffee and most important is sometimes i am unable to pick up any food item from plate when some body is near or when i feel nervous..to all the symptoms i have reported to psychiatrist in Vimhans institute in New Delhi..he advise me to take betacap-20 mg (Beta propranolol ) after morning meals but while taking from last 20 days i am still not feeling any improvement (sometimes shaking proceed as usual) whether it is Parkinson or any kind of depression or still should i increase dose of betacap 20 mg and make it to 40 mg..please advise what to do...Satya
output: Hi.intention tremor may also be of neurological origin.so please consult a neurologist.propranolol is a good choice for tremor of any origin, but there are certain problems of increasing dose in case of hypotension or asthma.so before increment, please consult your psychiatrist. Parkinsonism usually presents with rest tremor, rigidity, slowness.so these are in need of assessment.have a good health

input: Hello,A little over 2 weeks ago I had unprotected sex with a girl that I knew for some time. The sex was very very rough. She was on top the whole time riding back and forth. The next morning I felt a little soreness/tingle in my penis. I thought it was just regular soreness and it will fade away in a day or so. The problem continued for 1.5 weeks. At that point I went to the doc to get STD test and doc prescribed me with anti-biotics. I took some doxycycline for 6 days. And I must admit, I do feel a little better. I went back to doc the following week for my results. Test came back negative. Doc said to finish the treatment, it can be a UTI. I do not have the classic uti symptons. It does not burn when I pee, and I dont have much of an urge to pee. I just have a mild penis discomfort. Just a feeling that it is not 100% normal yet. My question, can this feeling just be from having really rough rough sex? I havnt been sexually active at the time we had sex, and she was really rough.
output: Hello, Yes, it could be due to a rough sex, but it was a better idea to get tested too for sexually transmitted infections and UTI as well. Your doctor did the right thing to test you and give you antibiotics. Take plenty of water and avoid sex till you get better. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My 1 year old has a purplish bump on her butt-ox. When my wife pushed down on it last night white/red puss came out of it and it went down a little. Well it filled back up and wont release again? Should we wait until tomorrow and try again and then schedule a Dr. Appointment or go ahead and take her to the ER?
output: Hi...it could be an abscess. I suggest you not to wait and get the kid to the nearest physician or nearest emergency room as this might require antibiotic prescription. If it spreads it can become a skin and soft tissue infection. Regards - 

input: Hello its since 11 days that we had unprotected sex on 7 may though I ejaculated outside bt m feeling tensed about this. Her last period was on 22nd April. She had vomited in these days though it had stopped now. Am very tensed and shes also. What should we do.? Can we avail pregnancy urine test at home now. Its 18 may today n she normally mensturates at 26 days interval......help us.
output: Hello, thanks for writing in. I understand your anxiety. The pull-out method is not 100% foolproof. If your partner has a 26-day cycle, it means she would be due around the 18th. A delay does not always mean a pregnancy, it can also be due to the mental anxiety, illness etc. She can test for a pregnancy using a home pregnancy kit about 4-5 days after the date of the missed period (assuming she has regular cycles). Ask her to use a morning sample preferably. If there is a doubt, better do a pelvic ultrasound the week after. Do not worry, seek a gynecologist opinion in case it is positive. All the best.

input: i have just been diagnosed with possible glandular fever or tonsilitus, i am taking 8 penicillin a day as perscribed but now my gums are swollen and hurt on the left side of my mouth where i had my wisdom teeth removed about 6 months ago.  will the penicillin treat the gum issue too?
output: Thanks for the query, penicillin is effective in tooth infection but if it is gum infection then you can go for doxycycline or metronidazole...first consult an oral physician to confirm whether the pain is because of gum infection or some bone spicule or remnant of tooth root...take radiograph and rule out.I hope my answer will help you.

input: My son had fits in his sleep at early morning for the first time. He is 8 years 5 months old. Fits was around 3 minutes and he went to unconsious later for another 2 to 3 minutes. When he got conscious he does not remember any. He was having veeze problems from few days and was on medication. We checked in the family and cleared not a heridity issue. I am very concerned and seeking your help to understand the situation.
output: Hi...by what you quote this seems to be a type of seizure called complex partial seizure (CPS) or generalized tonic-clonic seizures. This is not related to wheeze or its related medications. As it has occurred for the first time, without anybody in the family having it, he definitely needs evaluation. He will need a basic blood work up and EEG and MRI brain. Nothing to worry, if he is stable now. The tests will throw light upon the probable cause and then the doctors will be in a better to counsel you on further proceedings and prognosis. Regards - 

input: hi i am male 27 yrs old. I was diagnose for lungs TB and recovered year and half ago. just few days back i had a high fever and went to hospital and Doctor told me i m suffering from pneumonia, they prescribe some medicine and still fever is not coming down.  so i had sputum and lungs x-ray and the result showed TB (lungs). Can u plz suggest me the best medicine and hospital in  delhi?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are mostly having relapse of tuberculosis. So better to consult pulmonologist in Delhi. You can go to AIMS hospital, Maulana Azad hospital, Safariing Hospital etc. All these Hospitals have good Pulmonary medicine and tuberculosis department. Also discuss possibility of Chat Doctor. 

input: My dog bit my 12 years old son. He had his 0 and 3 days shots he just need to come back for the seventh day does he needs to finish all his shots? And my dog doesnt have a rabis shot yet on he day he bit my son because his only 2 months and 3 weeks but a week later we let him have his rabis shot what are the signs I need to look for my dog and how long do I need to observe the dog
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor Forum. I have gone through your Query & I really appreciate your concern about the problem you are facing. As a physician I would like to tell you that you need to observe your dog till15-20 days. Also, your son needs to take 3rd shot, i.e., of 7th day. Also, you did the right thing by vaccinating our dog. So you need not worry about anything. Thanks for Trusting & Posting your Query on this forum. Hope this will help you. Feel free to ask any further question. Have a nice Day. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, i ve been on the Noriday pill for 10 months now (i was on the Depo Injection prior to it), i started having heavy periods at the start of December and i m on my fourth period now. Is this normal for this pill? The reason i went on this particular one was because it was similiar to the Depo Injection. I didnt get any periods with the Depo.
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. Holiday pill is a mini pill containing progesterone. During the usage of contraceptive pills some amount of irregularity in menstrual flow is common. If you are having heavy bleeding, you can take symptomatic treatment for that and can continue the pills. If same problem repeats frequently better to think of changing the contraceptive method. You discuss this with your doctor and proceed according to her advice. Take care.

input: I recently quit smoking and I am recently getting over a head cold that moved to my chest I am worried about throat cancer I am 27 pretty much Have traditional signs of throat cancer no sore throat no blood when i cough or spit but feel a lump inside throat like a ball of mucus and get an itchy earsometimes when i swallow or burp should i be worried about cancer or no
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorYou should see a ENT surgeon the earliest possible. I cannot definitely tell the diagnosis on the basis of information that you have given. Smoking definitely increases the risk of throat cancer and not always it will be with blood in cough. So you should not wait till that. Regards.

input: My 11 year old daughter woke up and went to the toilet and had one epsoide of extremly bad explosive diarrea it has been gooing off and on all day
output: let it run its course

input: my father is diagnosed with kidney cancer in july last yr, he got his left kidneyremoved and was given target therapy starting from nexavar .after 6 months PAT scan showed slight increase in disease and was put onsecond med which further detiorated the condition .....causing utter weakness as a result med was discontinuedfor a week which further worsened the condition .....again fluid in lungs and now speech is also not clear ....brain CT was done n some cells were found.....as a result radiation therapy was given for 10 days ....it gave positive results along with med VOTRIENT....everything remained fine for a month but today he had a fit type condition and lost his speech for sometime so Doc pls guide what next PAT SCAN is due in june first week.
output: Dear Mr. seigneur, I am sorry to convey you that your father has entered a very advanced stage of the disease. He is resistant to all forms of therapy now and is also intolerant to other active treatment. Please give him only palliative management to comfort him. No active treatment is advocated. Please consult your primary physician who will guide you for this form of terminal care and comfort. Truly,

input: I fell over at work 3 weeks ago and hit the bottom of my back on a wooden floor and I have been in so much pain since, I was signed off work for 2 weeks by a doctor and just got back into work and it has made it worse, I can barely walk now and my back keeps seizing up. what should I do?
output: HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorIf you having pain after 3 weeks of fall an injury like fracture should be ruled out. A x-ray should be taken according to the point of tenderness. If wide pain is there I recommend taking a pelvis and Lumbosacral spine x-ray. If no fracture is then it can be due to strain or sprain. In such case I advise muscle relaxants like thiocolchicoside NSAIDs like diclofenac and neurotrophic Chat Doctor. I also recommend doing warm compress on back. Hope this may help you. Let me know if you have any further query.

input: hi. ive had these pains for a few years now. i get a sharp pain in my left side and lower stomach . i feel like my side and stomach are bloating up and going to burst. this makes me get really panicky and hot and i dont know what to do when it happens. ive noticed it happens more when im about to sleep or first thing in the morning. ive always had a very poor diet so dont know if that is now causing issues with my insides but the pain can be so bad, it makes me cry. i normaly get relieve once ive been to toilet but cant always go when i want to
output: You must do Ultrasonography first.

input: Hi, I have a bump on the top of my helix where usually a piercing would be, but i never had a piercing before, just informing you where this bump is. It looks like a blister, but it doesn t hurt. I don t know how long it s been there. If you could please tell me what it might be that would be great! Thank You.
output: Hi, Dear,Welcome with your query to Chat Doctor. Studied your query in full depth of its details. Reviewed it in context of your health concerns. Based On the facts, Dear, you need to consult Surgeon for checking other causes of such a lump. But I would alert you to rule out TB with Erythema Nodes which may be missed as a cause of such a lump on the helix. Fibro-chon Chat Doctor. This reply would help you to plan further treatment soon with your treating doctors. Best of Luck and early recovery. Welcome any further query in this regard, which would be replied in next session. Good Day!!

input: At lest once or twice a week my arms chest feel hot and tingling ...times I get just swollen arms and tingling on one side of my face....what causes this ..thanks....I have been on depression medication and blood pressure meds..Never been sick ....used to workout but I am a product of the recession so stress is a big part of my lifethanks
output: Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor. Your symptoms are related to stress and depression. Depression can manifest not only with psychological symptoms but with a variety of physical symptoms also like: Tingling, numbness, hot and cold sensations, palpitation, tremors (shakiness) etc. In history, you mentioned that, you are already receiving treatment for depression. Your current symptom may be related to residual depression. It is better to get re-evaluated by your psychiatrist to investigate and treat these symptoms effectively. Same time do some relaxation exercise like daily brisk walk, yoga and breathing exercise, which will help you in fast recovery. Wish you good health and all the best.  Chat Doctor. 99doctor.com

input: Hi i am suffering from ring worm on wrist, ankle, groin infection from last 8 months now and had taken medices like TerbestGrisODKenz LevosisAF 150 and used external creams like Cansten SBrutnaskin BMSercos..every tablet has temporary effect one i stop it come back again ....pls help
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor Forum In Short: Have patience, fungal infection takes long time to be curedExplanation: Some people will have a tendency to get fungal infection again and again. Basically risk of infection raises if the skin is always moist. So if you keep your wrist and groin clean and Chat Doctor.  Otherwise, apply point clotrimazole for local application twice daily for at least ten days. If you stop using it once it gets reduced by two to three days, you will get it again.  Good luck

input: My baby is 3 month old. She cannot sleep at night.she feels sleepy, so when she is on our lap she is sleeping ,,but when we are trying to put her down in bed , she wakes up.,please let me know the solution of this. We have also checked whether her nose are blocked or not . But she is not having blocked nose.
output: DearWelcome to ChatDoctorWe understand your concerns went through your details. 3 year child only understands security and care. She clings to anything that provides security and care. Naturally, she is clinging to you. Let her do it. While putting her down, you also lie down with her. Nursing habit also can be imparted while laying down. Such a change of habit, will change her way of looking at security and care. These are related to training. You need to use alternate techniques of training. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: My daughter s age 7years. On 08 Jun 2011 her SGOT - 1800 and SGPT - 1990 and bilirubin total - 4.0, Direct - 1.8 and indirect -2.2 but on 30 Jun 2011 her SGOT - 905 and SGPT -1180 and bilirubin total - 2.0, direct - 0.9 and indirect -1.1 Now give me suggestion for What is normal range of SOGT and SGPT and biliubin total, direct and indirect. Thanking you.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. It takes about 30 to 40 days to take normal value in hepatitis A, but it also depends upon severity of disease. Normal value of GOT and SGPT should be under 45 units. Normal value of Total bili.is .3 to 1.9 mg/DL. Direct bill. 0 to .3 mg/DL.

input: hi doc.. my child is 4 1/2 yr old boy, past 15 days his poops are little abnormal, just after eating or drinking milk he is passing his stools, normally he goes only once or max twice a day, but now he goes around 4-5 times a day, he happened to eat uncooked chicken when he was on vaccation, day next there is this abnormal change and bad smell coming through his mouth. when consulted pediatric, he gave cepodom 100 mg for 5 days, but still the problem continues and today my child happened to vomit this evening. pl suggest as what to do.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. What your kid is having is not a diarrhea and is only a gastronomic reflux. It is quite common for kids to pass small amount of diarrhea or loose stools soon after feeds. This need not be treated as diarrhea and especially antibiotics are not indicated. When the kid takes feeds, the stomach expands - then when it is contracting it sets off a wave form which moves down the intestines and when that wave reaches the lower down rectum, a small quantity of the stool is evacuated out. This is the basis for gastronomic reflex. Do not worry. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. Regards - 

input: Hello, I just had unprotected sex with my husband about three hour ago. After an hour I took one tablet of Gynaecosid and am yet to take the second one. Please I will like to know if it will work. I am within the 12 day after my mensuration. I had unprotected sex eight day after my period but I felt am save so didnt use any drugs but today is the 12th - 12th day so I decided to take one tablet of Gynaecosid. I hope it works.
output: Hello, Thanks for posting your query. Fertile period is 3 days before & 2 days after ovulation & you are in mid of your cycle. To avoid pregnancy you should take emergency contraceptive pills. Gynaecosid is used in secondary amenorrhea excluding pregnancy for with Chat Doctor. I hope your query has been answered.

input: Hi. I have a history of kidney stones and I recently just passed another stone back in December. I woke up today, though, in terrible pain. I feel like Im going to vomit, like something tight is gagging me around my neck. Im very hot. There is blood in my stool and I dont think Im going to leave the bathroom any time soon. Could this be another kidney stone? Or is the blood in my stool from something else? Your response is very important to me. Please and thank you!
output: Hi, Renal calculus when passes through ureteric wall it irritates it n have severe pain in flank which can radiate to groin thigh umbilicus scrotum /labia major associated with nausea vomiting and other urinary symptoms including hematuria. It never causes blood in stool which can be due to pathology in GIT.  So visit a gastrosurgeon for bleeding PR and Urologist for your Renal calculus. Hope this ll help Thanks n regards

input: I feel as though there is a liquid near the surface of my upper left chest muscle near the arm pit that burns when I lean foreword in a standing position. The burn is very intense like a white hot iron is slouching in that area. just started 4 hours ago and is increasing in area. feels liquid in nature, but i feel no bump and it may be inside rib at that location? do not feel it by putting finger pressure in general area.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion you should first get done 1. Chest x-ray 2.  Ultrasound examination of local part. Lung infection or skin infection (left upper chest area) can cause symptoms of burning and fluid sensation. If both these are normal then no need to worry about major diseases. Also get done vitamin B 12 level, hemoglobin estimation as b 12 deficiency and anemia can give rise to similar sensation. If any of these are deficient then you need supplements. Don't worry, you will be alright.

input: Hello: My two daughter came home today without any indication of an infection in her vaginal area. But this evening she started complaining hurt. I asked her to show me where and she touched her vagina. I bathed her and checked her out before and after. She appears to have a yeast infection (which I did not notice earlier this evening) and a fishy order. She has never had a yeast infection before so I m not sure what s going on. She is potty training, please help. Thank you in advance.
output: Hi, Having fishy odor with pain might be due to some irritation produced by itching on the part. This can be due to local unhealthy hygiene. Clean local part with water and apply antibiotic cream. Make a habit of cleaning local part with running water after passing bowel and urination. Do not allow her to play in clay or dusty playground. Ok and take care.

input: I have noticed that I ve been getting these sore reddish spots with a white ring around them on my tounge.the spot on my tounge is reddish with a white ring around it and the other 3 are bigger patches on the back of my tounge but there not red,they do have a white ring around them nd they look as if I been eating to much sour stuff which I have not.the only one that is slightly painful is the reddish one on the tip of my tounge,what could this be and should I be worried? They come and go
output: Hello there, You may have a manifestation of a micronutrient deficiency. You should have a multivitamin once a day for the next 1 week preferably one with vitamin b-12(cyanocobalamine) and then assess whether your spots go down. If they don't the pleasing visit a doctor who would do tests to evaluate any underlying deficiency. Also adding probiotics to your diet like yogurt would help. Thank you for your query, Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been feeling a lot of tightness in my chest. A recent stress test showed that I have low probability. I was able to reach my target heart rate. I still have the pressure, mostly upon waking. I have had thyroid cancer and my medication was changed from Levoxyl (no longer on the market) to Synthroid (which I took for 16 years before being dxd w/CA. Should I have further testing done?
output: You need to get evaluated further if the symptoms are troublesome, recurrence of thyroid cancer needs to be ruled out also.

input: Hello Sir, I have skin allergy to avoid itching i have to take cetrizine alternate day.because cetrize i feel sleepy and cozy , is there any treatment for this permanently. Please advice i am facing this problem for last 5 years i am 32 years old man.
output: Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor The only cure for the allergy would be to avoid the source if it is known. There are allergy tests that can be done to determine the source of the response. These can be in the form of blood tests or skin tests. If the source is not known, or you cannot avoid it then the allergy would continue, and would need to continue the antihistamines. Though cetirizine is non Chat Doctor.  You may want to try other non 

input: what would cause me to lose 1.5 inches of height in less than 1 year s time? I am 54. Female, in menapause. I have bone density tests every few years (the last one being Dec. 2011) and always pass with flying colors results with lowest possible risk factors.
output: Hello, Your symptoms could be related to chronic degeneration of the intervertebral disks or the vertebral column bones. For this reason, I recommend performing an X-ray study of the vertebral column.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My cellulitis has existed for about 4 months. The warmth and redness have disappeared but the swelling is still here, though has diminished quite a bit. Tightness still in my ankle and sometimes some pain. I do put my leg up often and use a compression stocking. Antibiotics have not been effective. Used a topical homeopathic ointment which seemed to help. Doesn t seem to be caused by an infection;most probably an autoimmune condition as I had my thyroid removed 5 yrs. ago with resultant fatigue. I m 87, 5 5 . I read recently that I should stay in bed most of the time with my leg up. Is that really necessary? Will this condition go away eventually? How can I improve my autoimmune condition?
output: Hello Their have gone through your question, I had a same case with swelling in ankle area because of the cellulitis, I have found electro-therapy effective in the treating the swelling caused by cellulitis. We call this machine IT [inter-ferential therapy]. An experienced Physiotherapy will give you IT treatment at a frequency of 70-100 and if pain is there 20-30 frequency current would be used.in the meantime you can start calf stretching to activate "pumping mechanism" of your calf muscles as Calf muscle is called as HEART of lower body. So once these muscles get activated swelling would not e a problem anymore. Also try Isometric exercises of calf muscle. I am hoping a speedy recovery for you. Regards

input: I had a laparoscopic appendectomy 4 weeks ago. My abdomen is not bloated and I am not experiencing gas problems, but the area around my navel feels very tight. Additionally, my appetite has decreased significantly post operation and my stomach feels upset after I finish a meal. Are these problems normal following my procedure? I went for a post-op checkup two weeks following the operation and the surgeon thought that all looked very well.
output: Hi Thanks for writing in Usually after Laparoscopic surgery the port around the umbilicus is closed in layers to prevent port herniation As a result is mat appear tight for around 4 to 6 weeks If after that it remains so and there are other symptoms you should go for an ultrasound Add a probiotic twice a day and an antacid to prevent post radial pain Hope this helped well soon

input: Hi Sir, My mother is 68yeasr old, and from very recently from 1year she got into wheesing and continious coughing, feeling chest heaviness, my mother had check x-ray and PFT which is normal, and she is been adviced to take omnacartil medicine but with this medicie she getting very week. is there any other medicine to get rid of this wheezing and couphing problem... she is also taking Asthalin nebulisation but this was giving her a temporary healing and again the cough and wheezing is back... please suggest
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should start oral bronchodilators. There are many good oral bronchodilators available. 1. Theophylline derivatives like acebrophyllin, doxophyllin etc2. BambuterolYou can also try antiallergic and antihistamine tablet once in night. Better to give her LAB (Long Acting Beta 2 Agonist) and ICS (Inhaled corticosteroids) as they are long acting and gives relief for almost 12 hours, while Stalin gives only relief for 3-4 hours.

input: hi my dad is 67 but had a heart attack 11years ago. He has diabeiteis, high blood pressure and rheumatoid arthritis. Hes been retaining water alot more over the last few months and has had several hospital visits to help pass out the extra water that the medication hes taking is not doing fast enough. They say his heart is working at 10% now, he has a difibulator which didnt shock him back in december when he lost consciousness due to a lack of oxygen to the brain. We do believe he is having renal problems as well but the doctors take blood test and say  its fine. Whats the likely hood of life expectancy when his heart is so weak?
output: Not long, unfortunately.as 10% efficacy is too low for the heart to do his proper work and supply the blood requirements for the whole body...it ranges from few months to a year...

input: Trying to conceive for over a year now and just started tracking my basil body temp to see if I ovulate. My doctor said that when it s at it s lowest is when you are ovulating and then it increases right after that. While my temp was at it s lowest and I thought I could be ovulating I also did a few ovulation predictor tests each day and they all said negative so now I m not sure what to think. Is there any other type of test you can do to check and see if you re ovulating and/or are ovulation predictions tests accurate? I have tried ovulation predictors before and they have never read positive but why would my temp drop like it did earlier this month (and I wasn t sick or anything)?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. The ovulation predictor kits are a more accurate to identify the time of ovulation rather than a basal body temperature method. The BBT depends on the progesterone levels of the body while LH surge kit detects the high level of LH in urine. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: Hi Good MorningI am 33 years old IT professional working in Bangalore India. My wife has some health issue....1. She could not walk much...legs get swell2. hair falling 3. Digestion problem.4. She does not sleep properly.5. we both smoke. 2-3 perday sharing.6. weakness7. and very enger and rigid.Please help me out how to work out to increase her hemoglovin... and other ...?
output: HiI understand your concern.1st of all she requires body check up and routine tests like CBC, FT, LFT and thyroid profile. Medical cause need to be rule out 1st. Hemoglobin can increase with medicines which has iron content. There are lots of preparation of multivitamin available which will help in weakness and for general health. For a good sleep following will helpful certain routines and lifestyle modification will help you like fix sleep schedule and stick on it, no daytime sleep exercise that makes you fatigueRelaxation, yoga and meditations avoid alcohol and smoking, avoid heavy meal in dinner, avoid tea coffee soft Chat Doctor. But go for physical check up and get well soon. Thank you.

input: hi today like 5 hours ago i climbed a rusty net and i have 3 verry verry tiny scratches on my hand... if im infected by tentanus can i go tomorrow instead of today? because its 1:30am right now...or it can infect me permanently untill tomorrow? i am 15 years old
output: Hii appreciate your concerns would like to know about your previous immunization for tetanus if you are well immunized, taken last TT injection within last 5 years you need not worry, as such you had just tiny scratches so It's not so bothersome as well. You can take it tomorrow Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help wish you good health Chat Doctor. 

input: hello sir.i m 21 yrs old girl.my face was very clear but there are some freckles on my nose. i have remove the freckles from my face a month ago. but the scars are left behind.the brown spots are seen on my nose and chiks. i m using mederma for that. is it ok for my scars. please tell me how to remove the scars within days. thank you
output: Hitill date there is no treatment that remove scar within days.it takes months to remove it. Cream will not effective in scar consult dermatologist for better option.-dermarolller-peeling-subcision will effective

input: I got onto a 4 wheeler the other day and a metal bar scraped the back of my calf.  It was scaped pretty bad and was tender for about a week very soon after now there is a few lumps "knots" throughout the area where the scrape occured and the knots are tender to the touch. Any idea what this could be and will it go away?
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having some soft tissue infection followed by metal bar injury. You might require one course of antibiotic medicine for 3-5 days. Clean local part with warm water and apply antibiotic cream. Ok and take care.

input: My 3 year old daughter complains headache and throat pain since yesterday. Shes also having a hard time sleeping right now. She doesnt have fever but shes asking for blanket, telling me shes cold but were in a tropical-hot country and its really humid-hot right now, so Im really concerned if shes alright.
output: Welcome to the ChatDoctorI completely understand your concerns but don't worry. The most likely reason for these symptoms are self limiting viral infections. They just need symptomatic treatment. I recommend the following for such cases:-Acetaminophen for fever spikes and throat pain.-Warm saline gargles with antihistamine such as Chlorpheniramine or Ben Chat Doctor.  This will relieve the throat infection.- since the sinus congestion is most likely reason for associated headache, steam inhalation or use of humidifiers during sleep are useful remedies.- use antibiotics after throat swab culture for streptococcal infection if the symptoms are severe and fever spikes occur. Hopefully this will be helpful. Take care

input: Hello, I recently developed a very itchy penis which when I itch, leads to red patchs which sometimes become red and glossy. It is very irritable and causes pain when i have intercourse. I also have developed itchy thighs.. It started just at the top and has now developed over most of my thighs. The itching comes and goes and shows in small patches , not lumps but itchy red spots. i am worried that it is an std as i have had a lot of unprotected sex recently (lesson learnt) but the symptoms don t relate to any std so i m puzzled!? i also have what i thought was joggers nipple? very itchy nipple and also my face sometimes has dry patches on the eyelids and near the hair receding line? It has been going on for the last 3 months and as i m still in China and not a native speaker, i can t really find any treatment or diagnosis. please help?
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI can understand this, these are two different conditions and that might not be due to unsafe intercourse, but this could be some allergic rash might have developed at the same time in two different areas, just wait till few more days the chances of getting alright on its own is likely, if this does not go away, then you can use "Tab Levocetrizine 10 mg three times in day" hope this information helps you, have a nice day.

input: Hi, I was just at the dentist and they discovered a black area on the left lower jaw area below my teeth and they called me back and said I should go get a CT scan. I am 23 years old and otherwise healthy, is cancer the only thing this could be? I had a root canal re done last year on that same side but this black area isnt underneath that tooth it is along the other ones next to it.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your quarry. Cancer is the less common thing that could be. Tooth tumors are rare especially in your age, but it must be ruled out of course. It can be any benign mass, abscess, tooth tissue, neuroma, or calcification. CT would show exact size and signs of infiltration but i don't think it would be serious. Even if this is, it can be surgical managed. Wish you good health.

input: Good Morning,When i was cleaning toilet,I have mixed Harpic and Bleach almost 250 Ml,It created  a  fume and i exposed in it,almost 3 hrs i was sneezing and coughing and felt dizziness,Now its almost one moth over,But still i am sneezing ang coughing in the morning and night time with heavily clogged nose and extreme amouunt of puss/cougChatDoctores from nose as well.Is it a disease caused by the exposure.Kindly let me know.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. I will try to explain to you that how this occurs. When there was fume (smoke) due to reaction of bleach +Harris, it entered in your lungs through inhalation, and you developed allergy. This fume was a predisposing factor, otherwise your lungs were already sensitive to allergy. Due to this allergy there develops, coughing, sneezing, tears from eyes, red eyes, nasal discharge, itching in eyes and over face. Due to these symptoms you got infection and this produces expectoration (phlegm or pus in your words). Please don't worry, be tension free, this sort of allergy is very common. Consult a physician and take treatment, once alright (cure), forget, again allergy take treatment. Antihistamine + bronchodilator helps in this type of condition. If infection than take antibiotics. Good luck. 

input: Hi, I am 19 year old and have been mastubrating since the age of 8. I am a bit light weight for my age and also, my back pains a lot. Is it due to mastubration? Cause i have a healthy diet and was born very healthy. And how should I overcome these effects.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Masturbation i not sin or is dangerous. Masturbation cannot make you sick or unhealthy. It is natural and even animals do it. In saying that you started masturbation at the age of 8 is a bit exaggerating. Puberty is attained after around 11. Masturbation before that cannot produce the desired result. Secondly, Masturbation cannot make you thin. But the anxiety associated with it can make you thin. If you are able to take proper nutritious and healthy food, then you should not be thin. Inspire, if you are thin, either you have some anxiety disorders or some wasting diseases like anemia. Consult a doctor to diagnose. For psychological or sexological counseling visit http://psychocure.webs.com. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: my daughter last tuesday had opperation for cancer had labia and both lymph glands removed she is in hosptil 7 days tomorrow. where she has lymph glands removed .she is loosing a lot of blood from one side for about 3 days where gland was removed ,also that leg was very swollen,since the blood been comming away she has been told that it is good as it prevents blood clots, she had blood transfusion 2 pints last wednesday what do you think ,i am very worried about her.
output: Hi, detailed clinical history and examination required. You should mention whether she has got any bleeding disorder or not. Secondary infection in the operative wound also can be the cause. Any vascular compromise to be suspected. Swollen leg may be a sign of some infection. Please consult your surgeon he will guide you in this issue.

input: I HAVE GONE THROUGH LAB TEST ,THE RESULT SERUM T.CHOLESTEROL IS 229mgs/dl AND SERUM TRIGLYCERIDES IS 304gms/dl what kind of treatment shall i follow to control the cholesterol in my body what are the steps to be followed, pl mail me sir.                                                ThanksK.Ganeshmurthy
output: Hi Mr Ganeshmurthy After going through your reports, my opinion is as follows1. Your cholesterol is borderline high, and your triglycerides are high.2.  High lipids can affect the blood pressure, so needs to be controlled.3. You can discuss with your consulting doctor regarding stations and other lipid lowering agents, their dosage to control lipids.4. Exercise on a regular basis to control weight as well as to stay fit.5. Cut down on oil rich foods, junk food. Have diet rich in fibers, proteins and lots of fruits and vegetables. 6. Make necessary lifestyle modifications like avoiding stress, practicing yoga/ meditation. Take care

input: I have been on the birth control Kelnor 1/35 for a few years now and it has work great. Just this past month, my doctor without telling me put me on Zovia 1/35. I read that these two are similar but I am now noticing my thoughts upsetting me, over thinking, and thinking my feelings have changed for someone or something when just a week ago when I first took this new pill, I was fine. This does not feel like myself and I am becoming very overwhelmed and upset.  Do you think it is because of the switch?
output: Hi. Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor. Both Tenor and Movie contain equal amounts of Ethinodiol acetate and Ethanol estradiol. The acceptability of oral contraceptive preparations in various individuals differ from each other. Therapeutically both preparations are found to be equally effective. According to surveys conducted, the order of side effects reported by people using Tenor 35 is nausea, bloating, anxiety, breast pain and depression whereas for Movie 35 the order is depression, anxiety, bloating, dizziness and breast pain. Since both are hormonal preparations, these side effects are expected. The symptoms of depression you have, is suggestive of movie. Although it takes some time for a person to get adjusted to any new preparation of medication when you switch over from one brand to the other, if these symptoms continue or become severe, then you should consult your treating 

input: what causes nausea  thatl lasts for more then 3 or 4 weeks.  I have a huge cyst on my right kidney. Last july I had a h huge 2 liters of fluid removed from the cyst on my left kidney, that ended my nausea, till now. the cyst on my left did not come back. I had the cyst on the right side when they drained the one last july but they did not drain it then, they did not think it was a problem.
output: Hello!nausea and vomiting is a feature of uremia, i.e. when urea and creatinine rises in the body. I think because of your cyst problem, you must be having some renal insufficiency. Check your renal parameters, and then you will be able to find out the right cause. Thanks

input: Does flucloxicacillin cause inguinal ligament damage. My husband took them for a toe infection and within days was in extreme pain in the groin/testicle area which also radiated down his thigh. Waiting for an orthopaedic assessment but the pain is wearing him out.
output: Hello, There are no evidence-based studies that flucloxacillin can cause inguinal ligament damage. This antibiotic can cause nausea or diarrhea as common side effects.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, I get upper abdominal pain occasionally (maybe every couple of months?) and it lasts for 2-4 days at a time. It is right at the bottom of my ribcage, pretty much in the center. It only bothers me when I m standing or walking, to the point that I start feeling miserable or even nauseous. However, as soon as I sit down it pretty much goes away instantly. I also seem to feel like I need to belch more when this happens. I have tried everything, antacids, gas-x, pepto, pain relievers, nothing helps, it just has to go away on it s own after a couple days. I have gone to my local clinic after symptoms stopped and was seen by the RN, but nothing was done since the pain had stopped. What could this be??
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorChances of hyperacidity would be more, may be associated with some infection, on tentative basis this can be managed with the following Chat Doctor. 

input: Have you ever come across a relationship between ehlers danlos syndrome and pituitary abnormalities? Specifically, pituitary adenomas, hypopituitarism, empty sella syndrome, growth hormone deficiency? I have EDS, but also a pituitary tumor that apparently destroyed most of my pituitary. I m just trying to learn if the 2 conditions are related. Thanks.
output: Hello, I understand your concern and would explain that there is no direct connection in the literature between EDS and pituitary gland disorders. So, this is just a coincidence and an incidental comorbidity. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: wHEN iM SLEEPING i WAKE UP TO HORRIBLE PAINS IN THE CENTER OF MY LOWER ABDOMINE.  I AM 58 YR OLD MALE IN GOOD HEALTH ALTHOUGH I DO SMOKE.  IT STARTED A MONTH AGO.  ONLY HAPPENS WHEN IM SLEEPING AND IT WAKES ME UP. THERE ARE UNBEARABLE AND I HAVE TO LAY ON MY STOMACH TO STOP THE PAIN AND BE ABLE TO GO BACK TO SLEEP.  I DONT EAT BEFORE BED TIME.
output: Hello, There are many reasons behind such pain while sleeping like- 1) Muscle spasm 2) Tendon issues 3) Intestine colic 4) Altered motility, and gut flora disturbances 5) Others. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I am 26 yrs old boy. I am suffering from Nightfall 2-3 times in a week. I consult a doctor.He gives me Fludac20mg everyday 1 after breakfast for 45 days. What should i do? Is there any side effect of this medicine? Can i be absolutely cure? How shall i strong my reproductive organ?
output: Hi,Skin rash,  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi, My brother goes angioplasty at the age of 33 years at May-2010. Now he is feeling pain now after 5 month. He consult with doctor, he is saying nothing to worry. Please advice how we can know how much he has block edge know...pls suggest, this is urgent.
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I passed carefully through your question and would explain that considering his past medical history, it is important to investigate for possible coronary artery disease. For this reason, I recommend consulting with his cardiologist and performing some tests: - a cardiac stress echo-cardiac enzymes- a resting You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Kind regards, 

input: i had a operation on thurs b4 good friday were my lower 6 tooth wes removed as a shadow was locatated od my jaw when investigated ing was found since then ive had a numb mouth after a check up when all was fine it has been hurting like the mad and the pain has been getting worse to the extent sunday i could hardly eat then on monday night i went 2 eat some bread my jaw made a loud crack followed by shooting pains i went 2 casualty they xrayed it said it wasnt broken and gave me painkillers the pain is getting worse and painkillers dont seem to help also i cant eat and can hardly swollow to drink and its excruiatingly painful an y advice
output: Well if x-rays sound normal than u probably got an infected extraction socket WC is called as Chat Doctor. Go cur dentist. Medication along with a sedative 

input: I was changed over from Thriphasil to this Trgestrel a bit more than a month ago by our clinic sister. SInce then I also had the bloody discharge and also never stopped coughing. I have been to the the doctor twice for antibiotics. I just want to know can the coughing be a side effect or not?
output: Hi, Usually not. Side Effects are nausea, vomiting, headache, bloating, breast tenderness, swelling of the ankles/feet (fluid retention) or weight change may occur. Vaginal bleeding between periods (spotting) or missed/irregular periods may occur, especially during the first few months of use. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I got bit by a bug yesterday possible a horse fly or mosquito and its itching really bad, red circle and in the center of it is a bump and the area where the bite is is very warm. Coritizone cream and alcohol along with aloe isn t working to relief the itch. What should I do?
output: Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. If I am your doctor I suggest you to think for chlorpheniramine male ate. It is antihistamines and helps you prevent itching. Rest of all your treatment is fine, and you can continue with it. I will be happy to answer your further concerned can contact me. Chat Doctor. Infectious disease specialist. Thank you.

input: Isn t it true that sharp pain in one s right shoulder could indicate parasites in the small and/or large intestines (i.e. amoebic dysentery) which could be seen by the host (amoebic cysts and trophozoites...all stages of development) in one s stool, cause bloating, gas, stomach distention, terrible abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation and progressively get worse if not treated with the appropriate antibiotics and eventually cause the death of the host? Fact or Fiction: Amoebic dysentery has been eradicated in North America. Amoeba and trophozoites cannot be seen by the naked eye. Amoeba generally float on top of the toilet water, easily visible. Standard O&P lab tests cannot detect amoebas and trophozoites. The infected stool must be submitted to a lab that has the special equipment and appropriately trained personnel in order to detect amoebic dysentery disease. Two or more antibiotics will be necessary to eliminate such parasites; long term if the host has been infected over a long period of time. Thank you, Edward DeBusman
output: Hi, There is no direct relationship between intestinal infection and shoulder pain. Reasons for both are entirely different. The intestinal infection will lead to diarrhea, bloating and indigestion but not shoulder pain. Reason for shoulder pain may be muscular pain or joint abnormalities. A detailed clinical examination is needed to assess the cause of shoulder pain. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: i have had many signs and symptoms of pregnancy like a lte period getting sick the veins on my sides are very noticable and on my arms and chest and legs but i took a test it came back negative and then i was a week late but after that i got my period. is there any way i could still be pregnant? i also have leg cramps and pains in my arms too
output: Hallow Dear, The first cardinal symptom of pregnancy to appear is missing a period. All other symptoms like nausea & vomiting, frequent urination and the breast symptoms like engorgement with tenderness, dark discoloration of nipples & areola with widening of areola and secretions through nipples appear subsequently, usually 10 to 15 days after missed period. Though you had some vague symptoms, ultimately you have got your menses. Probably after having the menses, the symptoms also might have vanished. When in doubt, urine examination for pregnancy gives clue. That also is negative in your case. So Madam, no missed period and pregnancy test negatives confirms that you are not pregnant. 

input: 40yr old. Had a fertility test 2.5 years ago (results normal) but have had significant psychological trauma since then and continues now. I gave a sample again this week (extreme stress during abstinence also) and the comparison is as follows: Then: volume 5.0, concentration 31, normal 18%, motility (40% rapid, 20%, 20%, 20% imotile). Now: volume 4.5, concentration 14, normal 19%, motility (5% rapid, 5%, 40%, 50% imotile). I discovered last year that I have varicocele but otherwise had no other known physical obstacles or injuries. Is this massive loss normal in such a short period? Should I repeat the test? Can it be the stress? Is it temporary or permanent? Thank you, Tom J
output: Hi, varicocele treated surgically because it can lead to infertility. Here massive change in second result, so I will advise repeat test for making sure of second result. Thanks

input: I normally get panic attacks, but decided to learn to control them without the use of medication . Besides that, I Always feel dizzy, like im floating.. the room will spin out of no where like I got up to fast.. it happens everywhere, Especially if im in crowded or loud places. I hardly drink water. im 5 7 130lbs male. Sometimes, I feel like im so full and its hard to breath , as if my lungs are full of bricks, and I have only a tiny space for air. I get tired really easy.. but I work from home.. on the computer. I don t drink or smoke . ... I am just tired of being dizzy all the time.. I don t feel myself at all and havent been for 8 moths. I do, however have alot of stress in my life as well. any help ?
output: HI. I AM Chat Doctor. I WOULD LIKE TO HELP. THE WAY TO EXCLUDE ANY MAJOR UNDERLYING MEDICAL PROBLEM IS TO VISIT YOUR FAMILY PHYSICIAN WHO CAN GIVE YOU A PROPER PHYSICAL EXAMINATION AND RUN A FEW BASIC TESTS TO EXCLUDE ANEMIA, DIABETES ETC. A AUDIOLOGICAL EVALUATION IS ALSO NECESSARY IN YOUR CASE. IF YOUR JOB IS A SEDENTARY TYPE YOU MUST ALSO RULE OUT CERVICAL SPONDYLITIS. A LITTLE MORE EXERCISE CAN ALSO HELP BOOST YOUR "HAPPY HORMONES" AND HELP YOU FEEL BETTER. A VISIT TO A QUALIFIED CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST CAN HELP YOU DEAL WITH YOUR PANIC ATTACKS AND STRESSORS. SINCE IT HAS BEEN 8 MONTHS IT IS NOT ADVISABLE TO IGNORE YOUR SYMPTOMS ANYMORE. TAKE CARE BYE

input: Hi, I am 23 years old, cannot grow much facial hair at all. It is really depressing. It makes me feel quite anxious, I have a normal amount of pubic hair, I guess medium hair on my legs and armpits (not worried there), but very little hair on my arms at all. Hardly any on my hands and feet. With just a little (very little) on my chin and mustache. I have a normal-high sex drive and a girlfriend who is older, it doesnt bother her, but it does bother me. Im not sure about genetic disposition really, except that my father claims he wasnt that hairy at my age. I am also quite short 58-9 or so but my mother is very short so.. I was wondering could my seemingly slow/late development be from cigarettes or daily masturbation? I guess I am very habitual (you could say an addict) I try to stop the behavior but its easier said than done. Anyways, any negative effects from that could it be causing it, should I be worried? I seem to be pretty normal in my feelings just not my development... I was always slower than classmates as well when I was younger. Thanks for your help.
output: Hi, Sparse hair is a condition of your body which may not be altered. You can improve the hair growth with some supplements. Do consult a skin specialist. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi I have lived with hydrocephalus for 52 years(born with it).I live below sea level in Death Valley. Recently I have had a mild to moderate headache. I saw my neurosurgeon and he saw no problems on my car can. Should I be worried or should I see a neurologist?r
output: Hello, I would explain that as the CT scan is normal, there is nothing to worry about. Anyway, I recommend consulting with a neurologist for a physical exam and discussing the possible treatment options, based on your headache type. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: For the past 8 months or so when I start my menstrual period a lump appears in my lower left abdomen. And the lump is very painful at times. Sometimes it hurts so bad I cannot walk. I went to two different ers and they said it was hematomen. If its a bruise then why is it reoccurring? Can you please help me find out what is reallywrong and how I csn get it treated
output: Hi and thanks for the query, I am sorry to suggest again that this needs another clinical evaluation. It could really be a hematoma. However, it could be very interesting and informative doing an ultrasound. This would give an idea of the echo structure and borders of the mass. This is important because if there is an associated cyst, it would be important that it should be removed. A possible infection of this mass of hematoma must be considered. Aspirating the mass content and running some tests for infections and inflammation to me shall be very appropriate. I suggest you consult you primary care physician again for reevaluation. Thanks and best regards, Luchuo, MD.

input: Lately, I have been extremely tired. My left arm hurts, feeling like it generates in the shoulder--and the inside muscle cramps if I move it the wrong way. I don t think I m sleeping well because of that. Additionally, it seems like my breathing might be somewhat compromised.
output: Hi, The fatigue and pain in the arm can be related to frozen shoulder, cervical spondylosis or due to low levels of calcium or vitamin D3.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Chat Doctor. 

input: My husband started taking Maetanx about 3 - 4 weeks ago, which was prescribed by his dr.  He had not been taking any meds for neuropathy at the time because so far none of the meds he was prescribed helped.  Now, the pain seems to be worse than when he was not taking anything for the pain.  Should we call the dr. and stop taking Metanx or give it more time.  When I talked to  at nurse at the company where we had to get the prescription she said it could take 3 weeks to 4 months for it to take affect but should it get worse before it gets better?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. Metanx is a medical food made that contains L-methylfolate (vitamin B9), methylcobalamin (vitamin B12) and pyridoxine 5-phosphate (vitamin B6). It is a vitamin B supplement. Treatment is on right way for neuropathy, but you have to be watchful for your sugar level. You have to take oral as well as intramuscular NSAID to subside pain. Gabapentin will be useful. Ask your doctor about your pain and further management.

input: I am a 35 year old male and own a landscape business for 2 years, for the last 6 weeks It has become difficult for me to get through half the day without becoming exhausted (low energy that comes on fairly sudden, slightly shakey, foggy mind kinda like im in a dream) I have cut my hours back and have had employees make up the difference, thinking maby I am working to hard, energy still cuts out half way thru the day. I have had some life changes (seperation, moving to new house, extra debt to support expanding business)but nothing I would consider unmanageable. Any advice? I have setup a health exam with my doctor in September? Could this be physical or phsychological? Any advice from past experiencees?Thanks!
output: Hello welcome to Ask A Doctor service. I have reviewed your query and here is my advice. You have to rule out anemia first by he estimation. I suggest you to investigate with serum calcium, serum sodium, potassium estimation, serum TSH estimation for primary work up. Got, Sept, urea, creatinine also investigated as toxic metabolite accumulation also sometime can lead fatigue. You are absolutely right in a way that fatigue can be from exhaustion, overwork, lack of sleep etc. Revert with above reports to guide you further. Hope I have solved your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: i have  friend that was bitten in his calf about 2 weeks ago by a dog. at first it swelled up and he was barely able to walk on it.  he has been home treating it with antibiotic ointment and peroxide, and bandages. the holes are still open and parts of it are yellowish.  what would you suggest?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As your friend was bitten by the dog and following which there is an infection of the wound leading to yellowish discharge following which your doctor has prescribed the antibiotic cream along with HY Chat Doctor. Rabies is 100 % fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment. I would suggest your friend to follow1. Take antirabies vaccine as per the regimen2. Oral Antibiotics like Tab Autoclave 625 mg, twice daily for five days.3. Wound 

input: I have been diagnosed with depresion and anxiaty 4 yrs ago. But with all the difrent pills I have tried nothing has helped. I can be happy one min. and very sad the next I am up and down like this all the time. I have had cbt witch didn t help. I went in to the priory witch helped for a bit but I came out morbadly obeast which has made me feel even worse. I am always looking at others and wanting there lives. I despise my self so much. I don t want to go out any were but when I do I get so anxtuse I have to leave. I also have spending splurges wich i can t realy afford. My doc says I may be bipoler my partner says I am not, I am so confused. Please could you give me any idea on what to do. I would be so greatful, i really am at a loss with my self. I m scared no one will answere this aspeople will just think I am being stupid.
output: Hellowelcome to Chat Doctor its better u consult some psychiatrist u need to have some medications required for depression and you are not suffering from depression its better u contact some psychiatrist

input: I have big yellow stains on each side of my calves, I feel no pain rather I touch it or not and it will not wash off no matter how much I try but at the end of every work day when I take off my socks, There are yellow stains on my socks from where they touch my leg.
output: Hi, Thank you for providing the brief history of you. As the yellow stains are unknown, you should get a thorough assessment done. IT can be because of the socks, pants, a color or a skin issue. Post understanding the matter can help understand better to you about the cause for it. In my clinical practice I do not feel this could be anything to do with serious matter. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I believe I have an Essential Tremor.  My head shakes when I am nervous and most of the time I am not in touch with it.  My family has mentioned it a number of times & are concerned.  Now, now I am acutely aware of the shaking and I become more uncomfortable with it.   My sister has this phenomenon with head shaking and raspy throat.  Should I take something for it, are there exercised that may help or do I just live with it?
output: Essential tremor is a disease, I Donna how you diagnosed yourself! Consult a GP, you may need beta-blockers tab if diagnosed a c/o essential tremor.

input: Hi, I have taken a solid hit to my lower back on my left side (I think my kidney) it has been painful for 2 weeks now and is sore mostly when I bend or apply tension to the muscles in that area. I have not urinated blood Improvement in past 2 weeks seems minimal Please advise
output: Hello, Thank you for writing to Chat Doctor about your query, Brief Answer -Treatment for lower back pain depends upon the patients history and the type and severity of pain, as you described I explained below meditation. Explained Answer -The vast majority of lower back pain cases get better within six weeks without surgery, and lower back pain exercises are almost always part of a treatment plan. If pain persists or worsens, more involved diagnostic and surgical procedures may be recommended.  Medications : A wide variety of over-the-counter and prescription medications is available to help reduce symptoms of lower back pain. Many medications reduce inflammation, which is often a cause of pain, while others work to inhibit the transmission of pain signals from reaching the brain. Each medication has multiple unique risks, possible side effects and Chat Doctor. Also, I would suggest Rest for some time more because Ceasing activity for a few days allows injured tissue and even nerve roots to begin to heal, which in turn will help relieve lower back pain. However, more than a few days of rest can lead to a weakening of the muscles, and weak muscles have to struggle to adequately support the spine. Patients who do not regularly exercise to build strength and flexibility are more likely to experience recurrent or prolonged lower back pain. Hope You will find it out helpful. Thanks And 

input: yes pleaseiv had broken / abcess teeth since fourteen early fifteen now im twenty three and tooth decay has spread progressively facial swelling and jaw pains have have also been an issue  and I always dealt with it my self impoverished family nother story nother time as I say but all ways self medicated scalpels or suringes grew up on farm animal supplies and had a small knowledge of veterinarian procedures dealing with abcess and lesions and felt I could deal with it but in the last few years most molars or wisdom teeth have gone aswell even with more than average brushing the entire time have about three exposed pulp cores and the lumps below ear have always rehealed once opened and or squeezed out by hand some times with great strain on my hands "poped like pimple" but scar tissue gets ever harder and larger about the size of half dollar easily noticed just below ear right next to upper jaw bone could these things berelatedif so should an er dr be able to see this?
output: Hi, After going through the entire description, I am of the opinion that the cause for your pain is infection. A tooth abscess won't resolve without treatment. Even if the abscess disperses, bursts or Chat Doctor.  Antibiotics kill the germs responsible for tooth abscesses, helping the body to repair the tooth and bone. If an abscess erupts by itself, warm salt-water rinses will soothe, help clean the mouth and encourage 

input: im sick. ive been sick for weeks. two weeks ago, i went to the doctor and they said i had a sinus infection. they perscribed amoxcillin and i took it until my perscription was done. but now, ive been continually sick... right now, my left side of my neck hurts bad and my hearing is funny in my left ear. plus, ill get occassionall really bad pains in my head, like a severe headache
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. Here you might have persistent sinus infection.... First para nasal sinus x-ray done for rule out sinusitis..... Nasal examination by rhinos copy done for rule out nasal polyp.... Here for congestive symptom antihistamines Chat Doctor. ... Steam inhalation taken with eucalyptus added in water... If cause not clear MRI or CT scan of sinus need for detail investigation... If you are immunocompromised then aspergilli or mucormycosis might rule out ....this investigation helpful for it... If needed endoscopic 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here I am 65 years old and for the past 12 months I have had a persistant cough that is quite forceful. It makes my ees water and I am quite short of breathe for a period of time after.  The secretions I clear and thick with bubbles in it.  I am also very tired.  Please can you give me some insight?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are having chronic cough, expectoration which are difficult to cough out and breathlessness. All these symptoms are characteristic of bronchitis. So get done chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out other lung diseases. PFT is must for the diagnosis of bronchitis. You will mostly improve with inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol), N acetyl cysteine (NAC) and bucolic with expectorant syrup. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hi i  a twelve year old daughter from a previous relationship, i have since moved on. i am now trying to get pregnant again but it is not happenning. went for an ultrasound last month doctor said everything came back o.k. should i try going on the birth control tablets for a while and then stop to see if my chance will increase.
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. I un Chat Doctor.  Yes if you take oral contraceptives for 3 cycles. (you have been checked. But it's better to check confirm normality of sperms during these days) there is rebound ovulation after you with

input: My grandmother who is 87 had an injury to her nose as result of falling out of her wheelchair.  She did lose alot of blood due to blood thinner.  This accident ocurred 2 weeks ago.  She is doing better but her H&H levels are low 8.2 was 8.7 2 days ago and 25.2%   They want to send her for blood transfusions but I have read risks and not confident this is the way to go.  They are taking her blood daily and they took it this morning hence the lower levels and they started her back on coumedin therapy too.  Can her H&H levels be lower in the am?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. Both reduced hemoglobin and reduced hematocrit indicates anemia.2. However, 8.2g% is not significant, unless she has associated co-morbidities like cardiac failure.3. If she has cardiac problems or any breathing difficulty, she will require packed red cell transfusion to avoid further complications. Daily blood Chat Doctor.  Continue all medications. She needs to be on blood thinner to avoid heart attack or stroke. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: Hello Doc, we are planning for the baby now and its been 4 months we are trying and we havent took any precautions so would like to know the percentage of conceiving? Secondly, i would like to know that how much it takes for the fluid to travel inside the girl as after intercourse i have seen that every time the fluid comes out so would like to know how the sperms remain inside and what is the normal timeframe also is there any position that i need to stay sometime after the intercourse so that the sperms flows?
output: Hiu can take up to one year to make ourself conceive. Fluid contain sperm which are important only.after intercourse they travel toward the fallopian tube and come in contact with female ovum.it is normal to spill fluid after sex.u can keep your pelvis in upward direction for few minute to divert fluid inside.

input: Hi ! Am 29 had endo yrs Severe period pain every month I never much of a life whilest on my period cant work eat or do anything to help myself ,nothing worked , found out I had pulmonary Endometriosis had surgery on my lungs few months ago then 2 weeks ago I had a laparscopy treatment for my end and Fibroid cyst , been married for 5 yrs we really want to start a family now can I get pregnant?
output: HelloThanks for posting your query. When the doctor performed the laparoscopy, I would think that they would have done a test at the same time to see if the fallopian tubes were all right or not. If the doctor said that the tubes were patent(that is, not blocked), there is good chance of your getting pregnant. If your periods are regular, and you have monthly cycles, it would mean that you are ovulating, and that would mean a good chance of pregnancy as well. However, if you don't get pregnant in the next one year, do go back and see a gynecologist with interest in fertility. The doctor would order a few other tests and advice you if you would need help in getting pregnant like IVF. Best wishes.

input: 16 year old Daughter has chronic congestion and cant smell very much. has gotten a recent head cold without fever and is now blowing out greenish mucus and also black streaks. THought it might be old blood, but it definitely doesnt look like globs of old blood at all. Looks more like strings of black. What type of bacteria or fungus causes black streaks?
output: Hi. I can understand your concern. It would be advisable for you to get a chest x-ray, blood tests and phlegm tested for culture done. It could mostly be old blood only. Which should not be neglected. Don't worry, she will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Sir,mY nephew is hospitalised at SURAT DUE TO HEPATITIS C.The value of SGPT AFTER 8 DAYS IS NOW 381 FROM 531.WHAT TIME WILL IT TAKE TO COME DOWN TO NORMAL RANGE OF SGPT?ANY SPECIAL/INNOVATED MEDICINES?DO U SUGGEST TO SHIFT HIM SOMEWHERE /TO BEST DOCTOR IN BARODA/MUMBAI,IF NEED BE.
output: Hello! Thanks for putting your query in Chat Doctor. I am a Gastroenterologist. This much increase in GOT and SGPT suggest that he is having acute viral hepatitis. And Hepatitis C rarely causes acute viral hepatitis. So I will suggest you to visit a Hepatologist for detail history, evaluation and management hope I have answered your query and this will help you. Wish you a good health

input: There seems to be a small piece of tissue  inside my scrotum which seems to be attachted to my testicle. Just wondering if you know what that is? From what I can tell it appears to be very slightly darker in colour. Im pretty sure its not a hydrocele because Ive seen pictures if those and it dosent seem anything like that.
output: Good day, and thank you for being with Chat Doctor !!! It must be the veins that you are feeling. If it is enlarged then it is a condition we refer to as varicocele. I hope I have answered your question satisfactorily, and please consider a 5-Star rating for my answer.

input: Hi, yesterday evening I felt that my heart was bumbing a bit fast and It felt it was bubbling air inside my heart,, so when I burp it feels like the air gets out of my heart. And today I havent felt that way, but now when the evening came It started again to feel the same way.I Have felt like this for 1-2 years ago, but in that time I did a ECG test, and results was fine.Do you know what it could be?
output: Hello dear, thanks for posting your query here. You do not seem to have cardiac problem and appears to have HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease). But still I would advise you to see your doctor to get your ECG and a stress test done to rule out cardiac problem. And after ruling out cardiac problem, you need to take some antacids. Thanks and all the best.

input: Hello Doc, I am currently26 weeks pregnant, and suffering from chronic cough due to which I have pain in chest & abdomen. I have been taking robitussin cough syrup & home some treatment, but its not helping much. I cough thoughout the day & night, and hardly getting any sleep. Kindly help me, what is the best treatment for this condition.  I would greatly appreciate your advise. Regards,SK
output: You need to start with antibiotic for upper respiratory tract infection like azithromycin 500 1 tab DAC for 6 days

input: My boyfriend has had a red bumpy rash for awhile now. I have changed detergents and soaps. It went away but now it has come back with a vengeance. Big clear blisters that ooz. Its on his neck, ears, arms, and legs. I have pictures for you. Any help would be appreciated. We do not have health insurance and he is miserable
output: Hello thanks for the querying clear blisters can be any of blistering diseases like,1. Pemphigus2. pemphigoidPlease meet a dermatologist. A biopsy is must confirm the diagnosis you can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. Thank you

input: My husband used Just For Men shampoo in hair color last night. He has been using just for men for a while now. He has an area on his chin that is open weeping. It is itchy, red and spreading what over counter or home remedies can you use to treat this
output: Hi, From history it seems that he might be having some allergy to this shampoo producing irritation and some infection at this area. Clean the part with plane water and apply triple acting cream. Take some antihistamine like Cetirizine or Ben Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, I am going through a severe back pain. Actually really dont know where is the pain ? about 3 years back I was performing n i fell from d back stage from that day onwards I have this pain.i have consulted few doctors but no one could find what was the problem,all they gave was a vaccination for pain relief.some times the pain increases few days before i get my periods.the pain is so severe that I cant stand, walk or sit.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor as you have mentioned that the pie started after a fall may be it is due to some injury sustained that time leading to some problem in lumbosacral and dorsolumbar joints please consult orthopedic surgery and get a check-up pain increasing few days before periods may due to problems related to pelvic organs' uterus/ovaries.gynecological check up will be helpful pain during periods may be relieved by colonel tablet 1 tab 3 times after meals.severe backache not related to periods may be helped by powerless tab hope you be all right soon

input: Male age 42. Mild diveticular disease. Drink aprox 30 units alcohol per week. Last bloods done 10 months ago, all normal. I ve been experiencing painless pressure in the liver region. Happens every 10min or so for about 30sec. I don t notice it at night so not sure if it s coz I m laying down. Guessing I need to get some blood tests? BTW the pressure did go away for about 5 days and then returned.
output: Hi friend, Welcome to Chat Doctor The description of pain is like colic. In that region, it could be gall stone. Liver Function Tests (LFT) and Ultrasound scan of upper abdomen are necessary - for further assessment and assistance Take tarnishing speedy recovery God bless Good luck

input: my son who is 4 and about 38lbs. has been complaining of a stomach ache right around his navel and has thrown up several times( all liquid looking vomit). He has complained some about a headache and at one point it felt as though he had a slight fever though has been hard to tell his whole body has felt hot most of the day. When I gave him a bath to try and help him feel better he got out of the tub with teeth chattering and his whole body shaking like he was freezing but he felt warm to the touch! What is wrong with him. I have given him fever reducer.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Regards - 

input: My brother-in-law aged 61 years old diagnosed with 2 blocks in the heart and also a block in right way of passage to kidney and advised for bypass surgery. He has the history of Hypertention, Diabetics for a decade also suffers from gastric ulcers. Some of our well wishers contemplating on going for KEELEYs method of treatment to avoid surgery. Can you please give details about this method and how far it is successful as an alternative to bypass surgery. Thank you very much. P. Srinivasulu / INDIA.
output: Hello thank you for posting here. I have gone through your description. Since he has two blocks in the heart arteries, and he is advice bypass, the right choice is to go ahead with bypass surgery. I don't know any therapy named KELLEY, but I suppose you are talking about ch elation therapy. This therapy is of no benefit for the patient. The blocks in the heart artery are embedded inside the heart vessel and any amount of medication or therapy cannot decrease it to make it vanish. Medications can only help to stop progression of the block. Definitive way to treat critical heart blockages is an angioplasty or bypass surgery. Had you been my patient my advice would be to go ahead with bypass? Bypass surgery requires a stay of 7- 10 days approx in the hospital. Patient can start walking usually by day 5 after surgery. It requires a recovery period of 20 -25 days, but the long term results of bypass are very good with patients having a good quality of life. Gastric ulcers can be treated with long term antacids. Gastric ulcers are not a contraindication for surgery. Wishing you good health thank you

input: hi i m 18 and female and i had sex the 25th and 26th of December..i got kind of scared at first thinking i could have gotten pregnant but once my period came on the 3rd of January my worries disappeared. I thought it was a little strange that it was only about 3-4 days long..normally mine are around 5-6 with spotting afterwards and leakage with tampons no matter the strength..this time however there was no spotting or leaking whatsoever..but i didn t think much of it now about the 17th i noticed a dull cramp in my lower stomach that would come and go and it did this til the 20th, on the 20th the cramp has stayed and increased, i did noticed that i ve been eating alot even when i m not hungry for the past week and my stomach looks bloated and my breasts are tender and i ve been urinating ALOT and usually i only go about 2-3 a day now i don t even have to drink anything and ill go 7 times a day easily if not more..pregnant? or not? PLEASE HELP IMMEDIATELY.....
output: Hello, If you were due on the 3rd of Jan, and you got your period then you are not pregnant. If your got your period before you date then there is a possibility of implantation bleeding. The rest of your symptoms sound like you have a UTI. First take e test to rule out pregnancy. Then you will need antibiotics for a few days to clear up the infection. Chat Doctor. Avoid sex till you are clean. Hygiene is very important.

input: My sister has a big stone in both kidneys and an infection, doctor said surgery after they grow a culture to get the right antibiotic to cure the infection. that was six days ago havent heard anything from them and now she has developed sores on her lip and back of her neck, Im worried.
output: HiI understand your concern. Before surgery, it is necessary to control infection. Infection can be treated with antibiotics. Surgery is depended upon size and location of stone. Please follow your doctors advise. Stone needs extensive treatment. Chat Doctor.  I hope I have answered your query. Thank you.

input: hi, i have just got bitten to my year old dog 10 min ago. this morning he was seeming like he was panting and panting and breathing very heavily. We gave him water but he still did it. Now the bite feels tingily and its like its beating.I already put poroxide on. Do you know if this is normal or what to do?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Rabies is a disease which is transmitted by dog bite which is 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment. As you were bitten by a dog which has led to bleeding from the site according to WHO categories it is categorized into Cat III, which requires following treatment1. Wash the wound thoroughly with soap and water.2. Active immunization with anti rabies vaccine on days 0,3,7,14 and 28.3. Passive immunization with rabies immunoglobulin around the wound.4. In TT, 0.5 ml, I'm. Thank you.

input: I had the second to last tooth on my upper left removed late afternoon last thursday. How likely is it that I could develop dry socket this far along in the process? The dentist did have to take the tooth in 3 pieces, as it was a large tooth and, there appears to be two white strings hanging from the socket that I did not notice the last couple of days.
output: hello thanks for consulting at ChatDoctor..  ChatDoctor. 

input: yes aspirin worsens wheezing and asthama. its more dangerous better to avoid asprin and asprin like medicines. i heard it can also cause death.
output: Aspirin is not good to be taken in the persons who are having asthma. It will worsen the symptoms of asthma, it cases breathing difficulty

input: whenever i alone and trying concentrate. I am so obsessed with that. i am a quite good student but my study continously degraded. Now i am always thinking about her. Is there any mental problem? I have a girlfriend and we involving with physical relationship. Though we are not havig sex, it is limited to only foreplay and oral sex . But i am so much attarcted to her that i can not stop thinking about her. whenever i alone and trying concentrate on my studies ay attention always divert to her and most of the time time i think that i am suching her breast. i am so obsessed with that. i am a quite good student but my study continously degraded. Now i am always thinking about her. Is there any mental problem? I am involving with her about 4 years. Now i am in 4th year of my B. Tech.
output: The age range 15-25 years constitutes the peak sexual  ChatDoctor.  The 

input: Hello Doctor,I am 35 years Old, Male, 5ft,2 inc Tall, 74KG, 36 Inches waist, I want to check if the attatched report has any concerns.I am concerned about the Low RBC count and High MPV. Also i am having Dry Cough for more than 3 weeks now.Thanks and RegardsManoj M
output: Hi, your low RBC count has no relation with high MPV. You should search for the cause of your low RBC. It may be due to low iron, low it b12 or may be due to chronic blood loss or any other cause. Search the cause and take treatment accordingly. And don't worry regarding high MPV. it's ok. and also take treatment for your chronic cough, thanks for using Chat Doctor.

input: My 4 month old son was sitting in a chair with a sharp edge at the photo studio and arched his back and hit the back of his head against the top edge of this chair.  He has a one inch red mark from this.  He cried a little but seemed okay after.  He has been acting more fussy and crying over the rest of the day but otherwise seems fine should he go the ER?
output: Dear Parent, In my opinion it would be better to get your baby checked by a pediatrician to make sure everything is alright, especially since your baby is not his usual self and is more irritable after the injury.

input: pcod irregular periods 37x31mm cyst in LT ovary on11july its my first day. 7x7mm inRTovary and 11x12mm inLT ovary on22 july 12day. 11x12mm inRTovary and 8x9mm inLT ovary on27july 17day. 1 what does this mean? 2 IS ovulation happen this time? 3 slow and late growth of follicle as in my case .ISany chance of getting preganant? 4 what to do now? 5 plssssssssssss answer soon
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor hi Joshi., the above report stating the measurement of the largest cyst is 37by31 in left ovary... .the other follicles are of different sizes respect to the duration. Even though many follicles develop, only one may ovulate or many at a time hence fertilization will be disturbed... you can have coitus with your husband.... and then after a week you need to follow up by USG. Hope I have answered your question. Take care.

input: I had a wisdom tooth extracted nearly 3 weeks ago. unfortunately some of the block went into my jaw muscle and I now have trismus. More alarming though is that my facial muscles feel very much weekened and smiling is an effort. Also I have had twitching above my lip and up cheek and under eye. I am very concerned as I am a music teacher. please help
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The twitching over the facial muscles and Erasmus can be because of the nerve injury to facial nerve while injecting the local anesthesia. The Erasmus is because of the injury to the muscles of mastication while injecting the local anesthesia. Nothing to worry, the twitching will come down gradually over a week. You can take nerve regenerating Chat Doctor.  For the Erasmus, you can take a muscle relaxant like chlorzoxazone. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: Why does husband have saggy balls that hang low and can t seem to last long when having sex? Seems like he gets off within 5 minutes and he claims he can t or don t know how to last longer, even though I ve told him some techniques to try but still says he can t and/or don t know how. His balls aren t full and firm either like my ex s were. Also have been trying to conceive for a long time and have not had any success, what is going on??? How to know if he is even ejaculating sperm and not just semen/fluid, what is the difference. Healthy sperm should be white or more yellowish??? Really need some help please......
output: HelloThanks for query. The scrotal sac differs from person to person and has no relation to conception. The problem of premature ejaculation and less libido are most of the time mind related and due to what is called as performance anxiety. Following measure will help you to boost up his confidence and getting good erection. And delay ejaculation.1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day.4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. He may take Sidewall (Viagra)as on demand to have sustainable erection to have enjoyable sex. As regards conception get his semen analysis done to rule out any abnormality. Chat Doctor. 

input: I have a painful lump on the inside of my cheek.. and there is a pain in my jaw next to my ear like fluid is fillig up and when I press on the pain by my ear liquid comes out of the lump in my mouth and it keeps filling up and my gland on the same side in my neck is swollen
output: It may be parotid gland swelling........................please do an USG of the swelling and FNAC of the swelling........................................

input: My kid is 2 years 11 months old.. She frequently getting cold, cough and ear infection.... I vusited doctor 4 times.. In these 4 months.. Even after using antibiotics it is not completely cured.So i am looking for good medicine for my kid.She is going to day care.i never face this issue before this winter.
output: HelloRepeated cough and cold is more commonly occur due to viral infection or allergic disorder. But if it is due to bacterial infection(diagnosed after thorough clinical examination and investigation) immunodeficiency must be ruled out. If fever is not associated each time with other symptoms and there is positive family history of allergic disorder;it is more suggestive of allergic in origin. Most of the time upper respiratory symptoms are associated with ear problem, irrespective of its viral, bacterial or allergic. In allergic disorder montelukast/levocetrizine syrup along with nasal Chat Doctor. I would suggest you to consult your pediatrician for proper evaluation and to find out whether it is really bacterial infection(for which antibiotic is needed) or something else. Regards

input: Hello, I got a concussion about three weeks ago due to getting kicked in the face from soccer. Since then, I ve had this large bump on my cheekbone that hasn t shrunk in size- if anything it seems as though its grown more. I have no swelling and mild bruising on my jaw bone. My concern is that when I make any facial expression, the side of my face that has the bump does not move. Half of my face will smile and the other half will not. It hasn t gotten any better and I m not sure if its just internal swelling that hasn t gone down yet or if its the bump that s causing it? Thank you for taking the time to read my question. If I should seek out a doctor about this, which type of specialized doctor should I ask?
output: Hello, If on smile your one side of face is moving without movement of other side of face then this can be effect of concussion of brain. Effects of concussion injury although you go away with time. In your case I shall advise you to consult to your neurophysician for help. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hi,I have a toothache pain in my one of my bottom teeth  no dentist open for 2 days can you please recommend best pain killers to take i plan on visiting my pharmacist who may be able to give me emergency antibiotics tomorrow  I have ponstan for my migraines available at home not sure this may be effective
output: Hello, Welcome Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, I have gone through your query, as you have pain in your tooth it can be due to caries or due periodontal problem. Consult dentist and go for investigations IOWA X-ray done if it is carious then go for restoration or Root canal treatment and if periodontal problem then go for Scaling and root planning.  You can take painkiller for temporary relief One tablet Diploma twice daily for 3 days One Capsule vitamin B complex once daily for three daysConsult dentist and go for treatment. Hope this will help you.

input: Hi sir,My self Rohit. My age is 26 years and my height is 5.4. I want increase my height for another 4 inches. so i am planing to take any of these stepup, yoko, and Dr ayurveda medicine. Is it possible to increase my height in this age..? If possible please suggest me which one should i take in these companies. If not please suggest me how to increase my height.
output: Hall, Environmental and nutritional factors and hormonal factors are the cause of height growth. Hormones recreated by pituitary gland is more important factor.  Height is an individual is determined by genetics.  Don't be discouraged. Do exercise regularly.  Take a healthy and well-balanced diet. Eat protein rich diet.  Avoid stress and get deep sleep.

input: hello, iv had stomach ache in upper stomach, lower stomach and a sort of stitch feeling in my side all day and night? i haven t been sick and iv had a poo, but not sure what this is... its really painful.. iv come on my period today aswel :|? xx
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor During menstruation periods lower abdominal pains are common. It is called as amenorrhea. Observe the pain, if it persists after the periods then you needed to be clinically examined and evaluated.

input: I have been suffering from a herniated disc for the past 3 years now.  3 months ago I suffered some excruciating pain from this condition.  The pain went away after about 24hrs but ever since then I have been walking with a slight limp, I have very little strength in my right calf and my lower leg swells up every day after walking for about an hour.
output: Hello, If This disc bulge is not compressing nerve root, so conservative treatment may work. If symptoms persist then surgical decompression may help. Medication like methylcobalamine and pregabalin will reduce pain which can be started consulting your doctor. You can focus on spine extension exercises. Some exercises which can be done include-Spine extension exercises, Lying on your stomach flat lift leg 6 inches from ground, do it for other leg. Now lift both hand and leg simultaneously, 6 inches off the ground and supposition for around 10 breathes. Core stabilizing spine exercises will help. You may consult physiotherapist for guidance. He may start TENS, or ultrasound which is helpful in your case. If not relieved you can take epidural injection. Hope this helps. Wish you a speedy recovery.  If you find this answer helpful do not hesitate to rate this answer at end of discussion. Take care.

input: My husband recently had a heart cathorization done and they found a blocked artery in the back of his heart. They worked on him but could not clear it totally. He is scheduled to go back in two weeks. He has been dealing with a sore neck (stiff) since Tuesday. Doesn t remember pulling any muscles as they told him not to do any work for the two weeks. Could this stiff neck be related to his heart cathorization?
output: Respected user, HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems not in relation with heart catheterization, might be from muscular spasm or odd positioning while sleeping or else. Hope this clears your query. Welcome for any further assistance. Regards.

input: very last tooth on the left side bottom had broken also had a cavity it my dentis repair cavity and file tooth down next step will be a crown well i have been experiencing servere pain, June 21 toke two ADVILS right after my stomach became upset chin became numb and little tingling on lower bottom left lip, dentist took exray yesterday and told me my gum is infected put me on AMOX TR-K CLV 875-125MG TAB, I go back on june 25th If infection clear a little dentist is going to open tooth up and put pain medicine down in tooth  is this a good idea.
output: Hi. Can understand your concern. As per your complaint pain in tooth after cavity filling and preparation of tooth for placing a crown clearly indicates that the nerves of the tooth have been opened up due to preparation of cavity to retain the filling causing inflammation and condition is known as Chronic Irreversible Pulpits . You should consult your dentist and get an X-Ray done, and it will definitely show exposed nerves and blood vessels present in central portion of tooth in a small chamber known as Pulp. The treatment is first to get the filling removed under local anesthetic followed by Root Canal Treatment and the advised antibiotic AMOS TR-K CLV 875-125MG TAB twice daily, along with it a painkiller is to be taken to relieve pain as antibiotics can reduce infection but to relieve pain painkiller is needed. You can take Ibuprofen for moderate pain but in case of severe pain Motorola or Tramadol can be taken. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards... Chat Doctor. .

input: Hi iI have been diagnoed with thymic cancer, I do not like to take the drugs for pain that are prescribed,as they have side effects that are harsh.So instead i have been taking ibuprophen .for abot 4 months ,as dosage recommended, I have beenexperiencing respitory issues lately and wonder if this is the cause.I have been doing radiation and chemo treaments ,it has shown improvement in all aspects except for my breathing .I read an article on cleveland clinic facebook this mourning that said this might be why,,,...Thoughts  on this please?                                                                                                                                                                              ths   ccsc
output: Thy mic cancer causes respiratory distress. After a thy mic tumor is found and tests have been done to get a sense of its Factors important in choosing a treatment include the type and stage of the cancer, whether it is respectable (able to be completely removed with surgery), and whether you have any other serious medical problems. Because thy mic cancer is rare, it is often hard to accurately predict the effectiveness of treatment strategies, and in many cases the best way to treat this cancer is still not preselecting a treatment plan is an important decision, and you should take the time to think about all of your choices. The main treatments for thymus cancer are:Surgery, Radiation and chemotherapyRespiratory distress can be managed by Stalin nebulization, USG guided pleural fluid tapping and steam inhalation. Regards and take care

input: My husband had a spinal cord injury in Sept. 2013 which left him paralyzed and unable to urinate on his own for one month. He is now walking with a cane and can urinate on his own but still not properly. He is on Flomax to help. He is also on water pills because his legs will swell up. An emg showed nerve damage. My question is his shins are very shiny and they occasionally blister or split open even when his legs do not look swollen. This is a great concern to me. Even though he does not work or walk around like he used to, he is certainly not sitting around all day like he was when he was first injured. Any ideas?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. The Blisters can be due to 1. Autonomic Neuropathy2. Vitamin Deficiency3. Involvement of Autonomic Pathways in Subclinical and Lab Evaluation is needed to Narrow down the diagnosis and start appropriate treatment. Please consult a Neurosurgeon at the earliest Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask

input: I am a 48 years married woman. My USG shows liver is enlarged with heterogenous parenchymal echopattern. Intra hepatic billary channels are not dialated. No focal solid or cystic SOL seen. Lever span at mid clavicular line is 15.3 cm. what does it mean?
output: HelloYour findings suggests mildly enlarged liver and heterogeneous parenchymal echo pattern may indicate liver parenchymal disease. It may be due to many causes like hepatitis, metabolic disorder etc. You may need routine hologram, viral markers, random blood sugar, liver and renal function test, lipid profile, urine RE/ME. Liver biopsy may be needed after evaluation. You may need few medicines after evaluation. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: my son is 16 months when he was 14 months he cut his upper molars but they only came through the gums on one side just a little bit now he is 16 months and they still never came through also he only has 2 teeth at the bottom is this a problem do i need to take him to the dentist connie
output: I don't think you need to worry about erupted upper molar. The roots of tooth are still there. Nothing much can be done for that tooth. Take care that the broken tooth had no sharp edges which may hurt.

input: Hi! I just changed into my pajamas and noticed that I have many (somewhere around 15) small bruises on the insides and backs of my thighs. In the past few days, I have done nothing that might cause these. It s happened a few times in the past, but not often. A few days ago, I started having a sore throat and I was wondering if there could be any corrolation. I cannot remember if the last time this happened was during a time at which I had a sore throat. So far, no unexplained bruising has occured on my stomach, back, chest , etc and very rarely on my arms (though I assume that it s only unexplained because I don t remember hitting something). However, the bruises which have just appeared are not in any place I would bump into. I m a 21 year old otherwise healthy female. The only concering aspect of my medical history is that my mother, my half-sister, and my grandfather on my father s side have all died from cancer . Two cases of melanoma and one of colon cancer. Could the bruising be a result of my sore throat? Or should I be seeing a doctor?
output: Hi!welcome to Chat Doctor!SPONTANEOUS BRUISES point towards some bleeding disorder, coagulation defect or thrombocytopenia that is reduced platelet count. Certain viral infections that cause sore throat may also cause platelet to fall resulting in spontaneous bleeding. They are not related to cancer, but you must see a doctor get examined and tested for platelet count and coagulation profile. Hope this will help you!take care!

input: Hi, wondering whether or not you think its possible my pregnancy is still viable? Ive neever had any real symptoms other than going to the toilet more. My LMP was 22 October, I did my first pregnancy test on 26th December, strong positive, did another one one new years eve with a clearblue test and it said 1-2 weeks pregnant and said to add 2 weeks on for how doctor would date it. Did yet another test due to no symptoms on 14th January which said 3+ weeks and again to add 2 weeks for doctors dates. I paid for a private scan on the 21st January and they believed by the size it was only 5 weeks 3 days, 10days on and still no crmaping,no bleeding and no symptoms?
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today. There are two possibilities of what could be going on with your pregnancy. If you really did conceive back in October, your pregnancy should be about 12 weeks. This would have been found on the ultrasound examination that you had, but instead the fetus measured only five weeks three days. At five weeks it is not normal to see fetal heartbeat so that is not used in the consideration to make a diagnosis. However, it is possible that you conceived later in the cycle after your. In October. If you actually conceived in late November early December it is still possible that the fetus could be viable and that is just younger than it should be by your dates. So the way to tell the difference would be to get another ultrasound examination and approximately two weeks; by then you should see some evidence of the fetal heartbeat if the pregnancy is normal. Contrary to popular belief, the majority of women do not have pregnancy symptoms. The most reliable sign of pregnancy is a missed menstrual cycle. Furthermore, judging the number of weeks of pregnancy on a urine tests is extremely inaccurate. Pregnancy tests are designed to pick up the hormone Chat Doctor from that whicChatDoctores out in your urine. However, your urine can be diluted by different amounts of water depending upon what time in the day you tested and how much water you Chat Doctor.  Most urine pregnancy tests ask that you use your first morning urine, which has the most concentrated sample, however, even within those restrictions there is a large margin of error. So I would advise, in your situation, that you repeat the ultrasound examination in another 2 to 3 weeks. In the meantime take good care of yourself for the pregnancy by: eating a well-balanced diet, 

input: Bruised and torn muscles around ribs in auto accident. X-rays showed no fracture or break. Pain is pretty bad.  Does pain radiate to breasts.  When bending which I cannot avoid sometimes I get a shooting burning feeling in the breast on the side that the ribs are bruised
output: Thanks for your questioning my opinion you had tissue / muscle injury following that accident as a pulmonologist would like to recheck the X-ray of chest to see if any injury is thereof everything goes fine I would prescribe some analgesics, muscle relaxants and some enzymes so that healing is fast no need to worry that much, I know it's a matter of concern visit a pulmonologist, he can guide youthanksfeel free to ask more questions

input: I just had dental work done and I have taken 1 Hydrocodone 5MG-Acetaminophen 325 MG tablet for pain. This was previously prescribed to me from a previous dentist for pain. Currently I have been having to swallow a lot and my mouth is dry and cannot swallow. I have to take a sip of water to be able to swallow.
output: Hi, It looks like the  ChatDoctor.  There can be some other causes like severe dehy

input: HELLO i AM 33 YRS OF AGE, IM 510 AND WEIGH 225 POUNDS. I HAVE AN INFECTED WISDOM TOOTH AND IM CURRENTLY IN THE ER AWAITING TO SEE THE DOC. I AM ALLERGIC TO PENICILLIN, WHAT OTHER MEDS ARE OUT THERE THAT WILL WORK JUST AS GOOD AS PENICILLIN FOR MY SITUATION.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have infected wisdom tooth infection in tooth can be due to some reason like if tooth is carious or decayed tooth with Periapical pathology may be Periapical Abscess or due to Impacted or Partially erupted tooth with Periodontal abscess. If you have infected tooth I will suggest you to consult dentist and go for its treatment Root canal treatment or Extraction of tooth.  In meantime you can do warm saline rinses, you can take Antibiotic like Ofloxacine by consulting with your doctor and Analgesic like Paracetamol or Diploma if you are not allergic with vitamin B supplement. Hope this will help you. Wishing you good health Regards, 

input: My 3 1/2 year old has been complaining on and off of pain in his penis. Usually he complains during car rides and says it s squishing his penis. A week ago he got very sick and his pediatrician examined him. He has the flu and strep. He is on antibiotics for the strep. During this week he has been exceedingly irritated, understandably so. However, his chief complaint is penis pain. He squirms in bed, kicks his legs and grabs at his penis crying that it hurts. This has been going on for three days straight. His pediatrician examined his penis and did a urinalysis without any findings. I am at my wits end. Thank you
output: He might be having urinary tract infection or acute deny Chat Doctor. . urinalysis is negative, so go for urine culture is more sensitive and reliable, do blood urea and creatinine to rule out UTI and renal infection, in some condition, flu will be associated with UTI also which can be diagnosed only by culture

input: I brought my son home from nursery this evening and noticed a red spot on his right leg inner thigh since then i have changed my son again and have noticed there are several more appearing some with yellow heads on theyve grown quiet big n look angry red
output: HI...by what you quote I feel that it might be an n allergy like a simple urticaria or a rapidly spreading pyoderma as you quote that there are lots of yellow heads appearing. But I want to stress on something very important - Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Started out with burning sensation after ejaculation and then progressed to burning sensation on and off with slight pains in the penis and groin area that come and go that seemed to be relieved by ibuprofen . also have more frequent urges to pee. The burning after ejaculation is gone but still have the feeling of having to pee constantly.
output: Hello appreciate your concernLooking at your description this could be signs of ITII would like further information to help you better libelous age, sex and relevant medical history like diabetes or other metabolic diseaseSince how long you have this problem? I would advise you to consult your doctor for battery of investigations like urine microscopy as well as urine culture and sensitivity testy may require a course of antibiotics depending upon the reportage plenty of fluids which will flush off the urogenital tractMaintain good hygieneThanks for your question wish you a speedy recovery Best wishes

input: Hi, I am extremely allergic so I use about every type of medication there is to help. Because Im writing exams now I decided to take one allergex pill in the evening to help me sleep and prevent allergies but I have never felt so paranoid in my life before. I also get really bad nightmares that keep me up at night. I have use allergex numerous times before and it has never shown noticeble adverse effects. Is it just exam stress or can it be because of the allergex?
output: Hi, The allergen is known to cause Chat Doctor.  Dizziness, obsolescence, but not nightmares. Your symptoms seem to be due to stress.  Consult a psychotherapist for a solution.  Thanks

input: Hi,h miay I,  answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...I got a midget bite just like under the hair in my eyebrow and I think its infected or something because its been there for over a month and its hard, I squeezed it a few weeks ago and oily stuff came out but the next day I woke up and it was still there.
output: Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor. As I understand It could be an infection of eyelid. I suggest you to don't press it to squeeze as it would further increase the chances of infection. I advise You to contact ophthalmic surgeon for complete curettage and Chat Doctor.  It is very small procedure and help in getting cure .take care.

input: my 13 year old daughter has a purple coloured lump( looks like an aereola) around and under her breast.she says it does not hurt. I am keeoing an eye on it as said would take her to doctors tomorrow.............do you think it could be something nasty as very worried?
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. This could be normal pubertal change during puberty in females. However, an examination by doctor should be done.

input: Hi, My boyfriend has been having stomach pains the past few days, he thought he ate something bad, but now hes unsure. He hasn t really been eating the past few days because the food doesn t seem like it wants to stay down. He feels like he may want to throw up but doesn t, its like he may want to use the bathroom but doesn t really get the urge
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your physician, I would advise your boyfriend for a general clinical examination of the abdomen, routine stool test for ova and cyst, a liver function test, and an ultrasound abdomen if considered essential by depending on the clinical and investigative finding. Till that I would advise him some anti-emetic, a proton pump inhibitor, a probiotic, and an anti-spasmodic if need be. He should also go for a high fiber diet and enough liquids if tolerated by him and completely avoid food from outside. Further management would depend on the clinical findings and investigation reports. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: I have had pelvis pain for four years, after several urologist, they all claimed prostatitis. Many treatments later, I got tired of the routine and got my prostate out in the States. Although PSA 0.38, the pathology report Showed cancer. Although some pain relieved, the pelvis pressure remains. I Saw a natural path doctor who diagnosed parasites, I was disappointed that all the physicians seen earlier did not consider this. On natural remedies, slight improvement, but should I get comformation, and use pharmaceuticals or stronger meds to finally be rid of this problem.
output: Hi, you are confirmed to have cancer, and there could be some remnants, and metastases, There may be worms for that you can have medicines.  I advise you to have chemotherapy, or radiation, on the advice of your oncologist. Thank you.

input: Im in a lot of pain in my stomach, abdominal pain, and chest pain! I woke up this morning with some swelling in my face, lips swollen! Since October 2008 Ive been having breathing problems, cause i was working around chemicals and fumes! I wa put off work in June 2009 and forgot one important thing my gallbladder was removed in August 2009 with gallstones in it and the doctors thought at that time that my liver and kidney was damaged as well due to the fact of how bad my gallbladder was! But Thank God my liver and kidney at that time was okay! Can someone try to explain to me or try to help me on whats going on with me! Ive been to a few doctors and I feel that no one shouldnt suffer like Im suffering!
output: HI. Noted the history of gall bladder removal and reports about your kidney and liver that they are normal. This is good news. Now : about your problem about pain in the abdomen and the chest, along with swollen face and lips. The probable diagnosis of your problem can be ::You have a pleural inflammation due to something that causes simultaneous pain in abdomen and the chest This can be best diagnosed by CT scan of the chest and upper abdomen. This can also be due to acid peptic disease. Upper GI endoscopy will help. Disc compression in the upper thoracic area can cause the pain of this nature. Please go for all the relevant tests: Get a diagnosis to get a proper treatment.

input: hello recently I have developed a rather sharp pain above my naval. I have looked into a bacterial infection and have been cleaning it with alcohol and to no success. the pain has traveled and hurts in a 3 inch diameter above my groin and to the right a tad. I have also looked into an umbilical hernia but I am a bit skeptical, and I am not sure it is appendicitis.
output: Hello, Appendicitis is a high probability. The pain in appendicitis begins in the per umbilical region(that is around the naval) and then migrates to an area called as McBirney point that is at the junction of the medial 2/3rd and lateral 1/3rd of a line joining your naval with the anterior superior William spine. This area is roughly the same as you have mentioned. Further evaluation is needed. Blood counts, urine examination and ultrasound scan of the abdomen are required. In appendicitis the blood counts will be high, urine will be normal or show mild hematuria and USG abdomen will show an elongated or enlarged appendix. Treatment is mainly surgical, however in some rare mild cases, medical management with painkillers and antibiotics may be tried.

input: My 9 year old daughter is complaining of chest pains.  She says that it feels like something is stuck in her chest. She is pretty healthy although I just took her to the doctor because in the last year there has been rapid weight gain.  She is 95 lbs whereas a year ago she was 68 lbs.  As of yesterday she is 55 inches tall.
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... Here your child complaining chest pain... As no specific symptoms like cough, fever etc. present chest x-ray done for investigation .... As she is a small child there might be foreign body ingestion that can lead symptoms .... Auscultation also done . According to cause treatment done ... If foreign body there removed through bronchoscopy if needed ... If no cause identifiable then chance of pain by muscular strain ... As your child gaining weight rapidly investigate for hypothyroidism .... Consult pediatrician for this.  . Take care ....

input: I had a D&C 3 weeks ago but before that I was taking Megace (megestrol) for some cancer cells that were around lining of uterus.  After surgery, I just discontinued them and I am still bleeding ...the doctor said to go back on them....does Megace help STOP the bleeding also?   After hanging up with doctor I thought this didnt make sense to continue the medication, but maybe Im wrong...please advise ...thank you.
output: Hi, The disease is not clear from your description. You have mentioned that you have uterine cancer. The treatment of uterine cancer is not D&C. Surgery has to be done. Surgery followed by radiation may be needed depending on the stage. Hormone can be given in some specific condition. Consult your gynecologist for better guidance.

input: my wife is in remission for lupus but is still on prednisilone.she now has adrenal fatigue,but due to taking prednisolone cant have her hormones tested.she has been told to up her prednisolone doseage full stop.she has osteoporosis and does not want to incresase her preds.
output: Good evening sir. It is very common problem that our body stops secreting natural steroids once we are taking it from outside on a long term basis. A Chat Doctor.  If she is not experiencing any problems like pigmentation, low blood pressure, low blood sugar, I am not too sure how increasing the steroid dose would help. Especially if she has osteoporosis one needs to be careful. If you could provide us with some insight on a

input: Hi Im on the 8 days after embyro transfer, my first try was 4 years ago it was a successful one but this time I have very different symptoms. Is it normal the lower bowel is pain and my result is still negative when i tested yesterday (pregnancy test at home). Is it means Im not pregnant? Very worried.
output: As you had implanted an embryo in your uterus, which takes time for your body to adapt as for your body is a foreign body. If your embryo is viable then gradually you will see a change in your body. 7 days after you tested for pregnancy test and is negative, then you consult your gynecologist for d same. He/she is the right person to guide you further.

input: What is he progression of mantle cell lymphoma? My 74 year old husband had only 2 treatments when the oncologist determined the treatment was not working...his platelets were 72 and his WBC was 358,000. They basically told him to go home and die. That was a month ago. He has become steadily weaker. He has an appetite, but cannot eat much at one sitting. He has edema in his feet. He is now complaining of a pain in his upper right quadrant; somewhere around his under arm and radiates to the back of his shoulder blades.We are totally clueless.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Mentle cell lymphoma is one of the most aggressive tumor known till day. It is resistant to chemotherapy and rapidly worsening in days only. In your husbands' case as he is having right sided back and chest pain, I think he is developing malignant effusion. So better to rule out this by chest x-ray. If effusion than pigtail catheter insertion will help him symptomatically. So get done chest x-ray and pigtail Chat Doctor.  Also discuss end of life issues with him. This will give him more support.

input: Hi my left bottom wisdom tooth is coming through and painful but also my lymph nodes are swallen and soar Im sure its perconitus but I also have like a large patch on my cheek which looks like what I can only describe as acny like on my left cheek. , is this normal and can it be treat without a dentist
output: Hiwelcome to ChatDoctorduring the eruption of wisdom tooth it sometime cause pain. If the tooth is infected then it may lead to enlarge lymph node.  First get your OPG X-ray runabout patch, if its white then depends on weather its cheek bite, leukoplakia or candidiasis etc. Which can also be confirmed by seeing the patch. For both thing visit dentist. Meanwhile for wisdom tooth do warm saline gargles and can get painkiller. Thank you

input: I have been having moderate headaches for quite some time - pain mainly in the back of the head - high on the left side. Is it worth an MRI? Pain meds seem to help but the pain often radiates to other parts of the head. I do have a swelling on the left side of my neck which my physician said was not serious.
output: Hi, I have gone through your medical history carefully and can say as following: You are saying to have moderate headaches, manly in the back of the head and high on the left side. Meanwhile, swelling on the left side of your neck is present. If I was your caring doctor would advise running X-ray of neck first to evaluate the swelling. Most probably spondyloarthrosis is suspected especially if such pain is subsided after taking pain medications, however, need further diagnostic tests to run. For the moment, I advise continuing taking pain medications and do not apply anything locally until the real nature of the swelling in the neck is totally elucidated. Hope it was of help! Chat Doctor. 

input: A friend went to the emergency room this past Monday morning with severe flu-like symptoms. On Thursday, she was diagnosed with meningitis. On Friday afternoon, it was determined to be viral, and she was rereleased with instructions to stay home and rest for 1 week. Yesterday she was beginning to feel better, but is not feeling as well today as yesterday. Is this fall back today a normal part of the recovery process, or Is it a sign of a possible relapse? Should she perhaps be gotten back to the hospitals? Thanks for your time.
output: Hellos you mentioned that your friend is having meningitis (virus, causative organism) . Doctor discharged your patient from hospital because this is self limiting due to antigen antibodies (maybe the type of such virus, that's why patient discharged). So this tiredness is an in recovery phase, if fever is not present then , need not worry. So be careful, take care good nourished diet as well complete rest but remain contact with doctor.

input: hello. I am 28 years old female.I was a very bright student at school,college and university.Now i am married and have a kid.I feel like I cant focus on anything at all.I cant drive because i feel like even though i am looking ahead,i cant see anything.so i refuse to drive at all now.I feel that my head is very heavy and i cant function properly like every body else around me.I am so tired when i wake up in the morning and it gets worse as the day ends.I have my whole body acheing and fatiged.I cant be focused or punctual so i cant go to work.I have really bad back pain and neck pain ,i forget things and loosing control of my body.I am wondering what is happening to me,why i am so confused all the time.It is effecting my life badly and i dont know how to fix it.I dont drink or smoke and i am not on any medication.please answer my question in detail.thanks.
output: The symptoms you have described hint at the possibility of you being depressed or anxious. It is important to understand that there may or may not be any reason for you to get depressed/anxious. It is advisable to consult a psychiatrist, who will be able to help you after detailed evaluation. With proper treatment, you can regain the "brightness" which you had during your college days.

input: Hello, my wife has been dealing with left leg pain and weakness for the past 15 years. Recently my wife developed left arm, face and tongue weakness and numbness. She was diagnosed with a 5mm Chiari malformation and was given steroids to relieve migraines. After seeing a neurosurgeon she was told she was ineligible for surgery and has been told that she may be making up the symptoms in her head. We don t believe that, basically her left leg, arm and now face experiences pain and weakness and we have no idea why. She was tested for MS but with no lesions and multiple side symptoms that was rules out. Any advice you can provide would be appreciated.
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor ! I read carefully your question and understand your concern. Coming to this point, I would recommend performing a cervico-thoracic spine MRI study to exclude possible syringomyelia, which could cause her symptoms. This is a common complication of Chary Malformation. Anyway, it would not explain the numbness in her face or tongue. Another option would be starting an antidepressant, especially considering the fact they she suffered from migraines. These Chat Doctor.  Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: have sevre anxiety, i cannot drive a car, i am on disability due to my emotional irreluulations and mild agoraphobia, my anxiety has recently started taking control of my body to the point where i have to lay on the ground and wait for all my muscles to sieze spasms, ive had 2 heartattack at the age of 18. and i feel like these are all sympotms of a bigger problem, i need help before its to late.
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor I think, you have agoraphobia with panic attack. In that case, you need antidepressant with low dose benzodiazepine. You should consult a psychiatrist for proper management. You can also try some relaxation exercise like JPMR or deep breathing exercise. That would help to control the symptoms. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: What does this mean, Delayed planar images demonstrate mild uptake within the left L4-L5 region.SPECT -CT of the lumbar spine was obtained. This demonstrates no evidence of disc uptake however, there is very mild facet uptake at L4-L5 on the left. Hypertrophic facet degenerative changes seen in the region on nondiagnostic CT.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. The uptake seen at L4 - L5 with hypertrophic facet changes are indicative of degeneration because of aging. Such changes occur with age and can cause mild lower back pain and spasm of muscles. A pinched nerve can also arise from this condition. You must consult a neurologist and probably also get a lumbar spine MRI scan done to know if there is a disc herniation or nerve impingement which is not seen clearly on SPENT CT should you experience severe pain in the region. It is important to know why you got a spent CT done and if it is related to any cancerous condition for which you are taking treatment. There is no serious concern for the above findings.

input: I recently found out that I was pregnant, I told my boyfriend about it.  He always jokes about me getting pregnant so was not expecting his answer.  He wants me to have an abortion.  I went through the consultation for the abortion and just strongly disagree with it.  I told him about this feeling and continually have nightmares about it.  He does not want to hear this and is gong ho about this abortion.  I feel even if it was an accident why are we killing this baby, it was not its fault it was conceived and now i feel its my job to protect it but I am scared about just up and leaving, he has threatened that if i leave he will find me and take my baby that he does not want and raise it with his ex.  what should I do
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  The cause of your fear is due to conflict of opinion. That is normal. Also, you have a good human view point towards this issue. But you must also understand your husbands view. He could be compelling you to abort because of some compelling issues. Talk to him about this. Understand his feelings and points. Do not argue. Arguments always provides no result. Discuss. Discussions always produce results, decisions. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I fell approx. 9 years ago on my coccyx. I now have pain from coccyx area that radiates to both hips when I walk. It happens if I am up on my feet all day, but stops when I sit down. I have spoken to my doctor, but he thinks it may be weak stomach muscles. What is your opinion? Thank you. I am 62 years old.
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! Your symptoms could be related to a pinched nerve in this region (also called neuralgia), or a bulging disc in the vertebral column, probably due to the trauma. For this reason, I would recommend consulting with a neurologist and performing a CT scan of the lumbosacral spine, coupled with a nerve conduction study. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Kind regards, 

input: is there a concern if my 7 yr old boy has vomitted dark brown mud like texture last night? it honestly looked like a bowel movement.. he has flu like symptoms for a couple of days.. i am taking him to the doctor later on, but curious to know ur opinion..
output: Hello, In case of dark brown or coffee colored vomiting you need to rush your child to ER. There are some serious conditions which can cause dark brown or coffee colored vomiting which includes gastritis, intestinal obstruction, GI bleed, food allergies, poisons, etc. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am searching for a hemp oil therapy. I am from Germany. Some of my friends have gone through chemotherapy withhout success. I am convinced, that THC can stop cancer , but in Germany this therapy is illegal. I am informed about studies in Rostock (Germany), Barcelona (Spain) and offcourse the Rick Simpson hempoil therapy. Te question is: Are there such therapys in India?
output: HiT hanks for your query. There are many alternative therapies for cancer in India. But these have not been proven to be beneficial for cancer treatment. There are claims but no proof. I would not recommend this treatment for any patient of mine. Hope this helps. Regards

input: Hi..my baby is one month old...he cries a lot at night...sumtimes he s inconsolable...he s on breastfeed n top feed..we burp him regularly Aftr every Feed...still he cries a lot..we hav been suggested by our friends to give neopeptine as a mild dose n colicaid only if necessary ..wht do you suggest ...our doctor refused. Us fr any medicine.
output: Hi.... Your doctor is 100% right. I, too, do not suggest any medicine. I will give an explanation why so... This is called evening colic and is quite common in this age group. This happens when the baby sucks at the breast very fast and in eagerness to Chat Doctor.  Unless the air comes out like burping or flatus this discomfort will be there. Next time check if she is sucking too fast and gulping in air too. You will be more convinced. Usually I don't advice any medicines for this as they give only temporary relief. The two best ways to relieve this distress is - 1. Do not put her in lying position after feeding till she burps out the swallowed air.2. If she is still crying - put her in prone position and keep patting her back gently so that she passes off the flatus and gets relieved. Regards - 

input: Hi, one of the bumps right at the back of my tongue (lingual tonsil area) is a yellowy  colour, not pink like the rest.i was looking because i have a bug at the moment and a congested throat/nose...now i am manically googling tumors! Any idea what it could be?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. In tongue there are naturally larger taste buds at the back of tongue as compared to front. Also, there is lingual papillae As you mentioned you have an infection, chances are it could be an enlarged taste bud or papillae due to infection, medication or some allergy. It can also be an ulcer. Normally This happens with fever and infection and regress on their own. I suggest you to check if it is discolored, enlarge or have uneven borders, then get it checked. Else you can wait for healing up of your infection. Take your prescribed medications. Take multivitamin tablet one per day. Maintain God oral hygiene. If warm water is tolerated, do warm saline rinses. Maintain good diet and HY Chat Doctor.  If it burns while eating, you can apply oral anesthetic gel 5 min before eating. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!

input: My husband suffered a stroke in Oct 2016. In the beginning his attitude was bad, he cussed at the nurses and physically fought with them, when he was in a acute hospital the Dr gave him Ridlin it helped, then he was transferred to a skilled nurses rehab place. The Dr there gave him SEROQUEL, he is better but looks and is tired and the therapist say he is sleepy and I don t think he gets a good session. The state of Ca will no let them use RIDLIN. Help! he is coming home and I would like a better mood med. Judie Denney
output: Hi and thanks for question. Many times we see that person with stroke will present with behavior disturbance.it is mainly due to lost control over emotion and due to disorientation. So during that time sedative will give for treatment. you are very much anxious regarding how u controlled when he will come home.I suggest u to continue Seroquel. If he has leg pain along with he has salivation more than prior than consult psychiatrist nearby u.

input: I am 58 and have raised ALT (88) and raised bilirubin (28) with B & C as -ve. A kidney stone has been detected. I take 10 mg Narvasc daily for B.P and 1/2 tablet of Xolnox for sleep. My mother also had liver disease . However, I eat well, 4-5 kms of walk almost daily with no signs of fatigues but my stomach remains stiff. To defecate I have to use external pressure but never feel fully empty.
output: Dear increased bilirubin with kidney stones is always associated with gall bladder stones in most of the timesSecondly an ultrasound scanning of abdomen will reveal all the points necessary It is associated with increased liver functions tests too. To it may take some more invasive procedures to confirm the diagnosis. Thanks

input: Hi back in January while driving I felt a sharp stabbing piercing pain through my back< left side right through my left breast, i felt this before a year ago, went away, it lasted about 2 mins, couldnt catch my breath, since then my left shoulder, arm, armpit , breast , wrist and thumb & index finger have being aching, it appears to have gotten worst and is getting very annoying.
output: Hello...I would advise you to have cardiac consultation done as soon as possible...CPO mostly the cardiac pain is referred to the shoulder and arm to figures.....once you rule out cardiac because you should go ahead with other treatment

input: my husband is experiencing a wide range of symptoms that have been coming and goin over the last 2 yrs. they are: extreme, abnormal fatigue , tremors in hands after exertion, insomnia , night sweats , headaches, ringing in ears, and most recently hives . He has a swollen lymph node in his neck that will go down some with antibiotics but then comes right back....although the size varies from week to week....
output: Thank you for writing.  As you have mentioned, there are wide range of symptoms that your husband has. He needs thorough evaluation by an internist to determine the exact cause of his illness. Common diseases that need to be excluded are thyroid problems (especially hyperthyroidism), occult infections, etc. Chat Doctor. 

input: I feel fine in the morning and all day but for the last two days I have been getting very dizzy at the end of the day, around 4:30 to 5:00 and a little lightheaded. I havent changed any eating patterns or anyhing, what is the most common cause for random dizziness?
output: Hello, If this is only a symptom that has been happening for the past 2 days I would recommend you increase your fluid intake for the next several days using pure and fresh WATER.  I would cut out caffeine and caffeinated beverages.  Make sure you've been getting plenty of rest and I believe you should start feeling better.  You say you haven't changed your eating patterns but do you eat your meals on time or do you skip depending on the need at school or at work?  Otherwise, if your symptoms are not self-limited over the next day or 2 you may wish to schedule an appointment with your doctor for an examination and some laboratory analyses to check on things such as electrolyte disturbances, blood counts that may point to anemia or infection, etc. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: i had urine problem..i went for ultrasound 1 year ago and report came as ,left kidney-is normal in size 10.1cm and outline.cortical thickness and echogenicity are normal.cmd is maintained.mild pelvicalyceal system prominence is seen..no calculus is seen..same for right kidney only size differs i.e is 10.5cm. now i had ultrasound yesterday and it says everything is normal execpt,,there is mild prominence in renal pelvis..ap dimensions of renal pelvis is 25mm.i am worried about the dimensions of renal pelvis.what should i do.i had this problem from 1 year can it cause scarring in kidneys.i had no protein or wbc in urine.my doctor did t say anything.plzz reply i m very much worried
output: Hi Away, Your kidneys seem to be normal even though there is mild prominence in renal pelvis. The AP dimensions are also normal. You should stop worrying about this.  Please Chat Doctor.  Wish you good health. 

input: I have had severe lower back pain around L-5 on my left side. I have been on meds 400 ml ibuprofin for approx. 1 year, now the pain has traveled down my left leg and I have had to increase the meds as needed. Aprox. 5 years ago i fell down a small flight of stairs with approx. 25 lbs in hand. I struck the last step on the right side of my buttox which caused an enormous contusion superficially. However, I have had lasting pain in the area but no one has been able to identify the source. I believe that the injury on the right side has eventually caused the continuous pain on the left
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. Pain traveling down your leg and increasing in intensity means advancing of disease. In this case most probably there is herniated disc disease, so I suggest you to consult a Neurologist and to discuss the possibility of imaging study of your lumbar spine. Since there has been trauma you'll need plain radiographs and MRI imaging. Treatment modalities should become clear after this. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions.

input: My lower right abdomen hurts almost like a pulled muscle but increases with a deep breathe. I dont remember doing anything to aggrevate it but maybe I did. I have had my appendix taken out years ago but maybe diverticulitis? I was told I had it years ago but never had an attack.
output: HI. You are talking of a disease for which you should get thoroughly investigated by colonoscopy and CT scan abdomen. Anyway the pain in lower abdomen as you have described looks to have underlying pathology. Get investigated fast. Start on antibiotics, soft bland diet, preferably more of a liquid diet.

input: Hi... I have a high ankle break & my doctor has me wearing a walking boot cast. I am to wear the cast 23 hours a day & can take it off for an hour for bathing purposes. I m now experiencing cramps in my calf muscle while wearing the cast/boot. Any solutionsfor alleviating the cramps?
output: Hello, As these cramps are due to muscle non-moving and due to the muscles having disturbed transmission of the sodium from its channels. As and when you get a cramp having a pinch of salt will be good to avoid the cramps. Also, simple toe movements will help the muscle physiology to be intact. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Doctor, I have a burn pain on my upright side of my stomach . I went to India and did some tests and induscopy. The doctor prescribed a 6 months medicine. But when I do not get the tablets like esomeprasole or so on, again I feel burn pain. My Hpylory test was negative. My induscopy test was normal. Therefore, I wonder if you could tell me the therapy of my desease. Thanks, Fawad
output: HI Likely you are suffering from function abdominal pain syn Chat Doctor.  Need not worry, don't stop your medications abruptly taper them.  Follow lifestyle modification like diet, exercise, de-stressing, avoidance of coffee, and maintain a disciplined lifestyle. Hope this answers your query. Please do reply in case of any further questions. Wish you a speedy recovery.

input: My Son persuing Engg course is 22 years now was suffering a few years back from low confidence, fear,  self defeat, thinks all are talking about him had recovered, now is back in same mental frame, has confusion, indecision, weird feelings like his pennis is small, shrinking & may severe off, please help
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Low self-confidence, low self-esteem, confusion, indecision, weird feelings etc. are by products of misunderstanding life. He needs to see a psychological counselor who shall be able to impart self-confidence to your son and make him aware of what he is and what he is capable of. Please consult a psychological counselor. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I ve had (3x in 3 months) itchy, swollen weltish skin outbreaks that appear over several days on my upper arms and neck, and take several days to resolve. They are red like a bug bite in a way, but lack the raised, 1/2 - 1 cm distinct bite area. They develop a corona about 3 cm in diameter, so my body is clearly having an immune response to whatever this is. PA examined today at my Derm s and ruled out bed buts, scabies, prescribed topical steroids. I have no known allergies, at 59 enjoy good health! HOWEVER it has dawned on me today, I have had no trouble with them but do have silicone breast implants that were installed in 1997. YIKES. Get a mammo every July so one coming up, last one both sonogram plus xray and no leaks detected. I am wondering if some failure of the implants is leaking wierd chemicals into my body and that is the foundational issue. How can I check out whether this is the problem causing my inflammatory skin response? Yikes. again.
output: Hellodont worry. This is nothing but impurities of blood.u need Ayurveda treatment from a good expert. For now take tab.hard Chat Doctor. For more u can contact me again

input: I have been very anxious the last couple days and my heart rate has been high. It has been over 130bpm at some points and then as low as 80 when I am relaxed. I have panic attacks but usually my heart rate does not get that high. Could his be dangerous?
output: ! I have read your question carefully and from that I can say from my clinical experience that the heart rate increases due to stress. However, as you are very concerned, it will help you to get an ECG done, and blood pressure checked. Once these turn to be normal, I think you must meet a psychiatrist and get a detailed evaluation done. Only After listening yo your problem and your current status one can decide the line of management. I have seen that such ceases respond greatly to paroxetine in a dose of 12.5 to 37.5 mg daily.  The doctor may ask you for therapy, which I think will give additional benefit and help you control some part of anxiety and stress. Hope the reply is helpful feel free to ask more questions Chat Doctor. 

input: Hey recently these thoughts have been coming into my head and it all started with thinking how happy i am in my relationship with my fiance and how i have never felt so happy. In work there is a guy who i went with years ago and then these thoughts started coming into my head what if such or whatever were to happen and i started to freak out because i was thinking to myself what the hell am i thinking. Then my head started going through all the men in my past life and it is killing me. ITS Like my mind automatically thinks of them without me knowing and it depresses the hell out of me and it is damaging and hurting me soo much that i can barely concentrate on my happy times now because i feel so negative all the time? I know myself that i would never never act on my thoughts but i just want my brain to return to normality. What can i do? Please
output: Hello, i would advise you to meet a psychiatrist immediately to rule out other diagnosis so that it would be easy to put you on to a right medication once they confirm the diagnosis. Do not ignore your symptoms and if they persist consult your physician immediately.I hope I have answered your query. Take care

input: Hi, I pregnancy tested yesterday three times and twice I got a faint positive result although one vanished after a few hours, the other is still clearly there. Today my doctor ran a test and it was negative after two minutes but positive when I was leaving. She wants to wait a week but I want to know is it possible for two positive faint lines when I am not pregnant? I have run another two today and both say no....Thanks
output: Hi, I think you should do a blood test for pregnancy bChatDoctor.  It will confirm the pregnancy.  An ultrasound can also be done to clear the doubt.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi,,,,,i am 32 years old woman....trying to conceive from last 1 year.....got the follicular study done couple of times and was found ok....now my doc has referred me for iui....please let me know what could be the reason for not conceiving after every thing being normal.... my hsg test was also normal..
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I will be answering your concerns. Among couples trying for pregnancy, 80% of them conceive in the first year and 90% by the end of second year. So don't be worried. You will conceive. Since your doctor has already started treatment I presume that all baseline infertility investigations including semen analysis are normal. Then this is called as unexplained infertility. The cause cannot be found with available investigations. What your doctor has done is right step. Have GUI after induction of ovulation with Gonadotrophin. You can have 3-4 cycles of GUI. I hope and pray you conceive with the help of GUI. If you do not get pregnant with this treatment, the next option would be IVF (in vitro fertilization). I hope this is helpful. If you have further concerns, do contact me through Chat Doctor. To increase your chances of conception maintain normal BMI, quit smoking (if you're a smoker) and have intercourse at least three times in a week. I hope this is helpful. If you have any further concerns do contact me through Chat Doctor.

input: I have pain in my left arm,feels like muscle when I rotate my arm to the right and lift up its sharp. Shoveling snow today didn t help and now its a steady throb. not sure if a xray will help or if I m going to have to have a mri . it s been going on for at least a month or longer.
output: hello must attend an orthopedic clinic for proper examination and investigations.it could be supraspinatus tendinitis or biceps tendinitis (inflammation of tendons which attach muscle to bone) or even shoulder joint problem. Do hot fomentation and take Advil tabs after meals thrice a day and rest arm in a broad shoulder-arm sling till you attend orthopedics clinic. A weeks rest to 10 days would be good in sling along with medicines. The final treatment can be decided after examination and X-rays if necessary, MRI, if needed only thanks

input: My mother in law is in remission from limited stage small cell lung cancer and she wants a partial hip replacement. Her doctors gave her clearance for the surgery but I m afraid she won t heal well. will this surgery possibly cause her to relapse with cancer due to stress on her body?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should not worry about relapse. Partial hip replacement is done under spinal anesthesia and stress level and risk both are less than general anesthesia. And doctors have declared her fit for surgery means she is able to cope up with the surgical stress. So no need to worry about relapse. Get done surgery. And continue her chemotherapy cycles as per schedule.

input: I m looking at the effects of low blood pressure starting the day 97/61 with a heart beat of 64. Movement to cerebral biofeed through oxygenated hike in the trails of autumn under rainy and 10 degrees conditions. What I find consistent is; only after a sweated workout do I sense the pathological pain pressures of the left parietal quadrant; that quadrant is completely separated and pain in persistent. The reason for the workout is for picking up the chi energy of the 4 oclock cycle.
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that low blood pressure can be associated to different symptoms: - pressure headache-blurring vision-shortness of breath-ear noise-fainting and loss of conscience. It is quite normal to experience low blood pressure after a lot of physical activity. It may be related to sweating and deny Chat Doctor.  Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards, 

input: Dear Dr Candan. I would like to ask you you how you read the following values for my semen? How is the potential for using these values of semen to make an egg pregnant : Volume 1.5 Sperm concentration (mill/mL) 38 Rapid linear progressive (A) 00,0 Slow/ Non-linear progressive (B) 09,0 Non-progressive 08,0 Non-motile 83,0
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor The analysis for your semen is as follows:Volume is 1.5 ml/ ejaculate-This is low volume as the normal volume per ejaculate should be at least 2 sperm count is 38 million/ml- This is normal sperm counts. The cut-off for normal sperm count is at least 20 million/ sperm motility is less than the normal range. Non-motile sperms are 83 %. Normally at least 50 % sperms should have rapid progressive forward motion. There is no comment on morphology and presence/ absence of pus cells, RBC's and other nucleated cells. On the basis of this report your sample is deficient in adequate volume and adequate volume. It can lead to infertility i.e. inability to fertilize an egg under physiological conditions. However, I recommend you to get semen analysis repeated after three days of abstinence. If, again the sperm count remains low, there are other techniques for fertilization of the ovum. You can get details of which from a fertility expert. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, my father is 90 years old. He has just taken his blood pressure and has a reading of 209/63. He had a lie down and it has dropped back to about 190. What should I do when it goes up so high? He is on medication for it, is there anything else that would bring it down quickly or should he go to a Doctor or hospital?
output: Definitely he should consult physician. At that much high BP, he can have stroke also. He needs to adjust his medications for the adequate control of BP.

input: Had blood tests and ultrasound done for abd pain - found nothing. Have now got it into my head that I have hodgins disease because i am also slightly itchy
output: Hello. Welcome to Chat Doctor, You are presuming a big ailment for no obvious reason at all. The common symptoms of Hodgkin's disease are generalized lymph node enlargement, may be weight loss and hepatosplenomegaly. It has to be proved by special tests like immunohistochemistry on biopsy samples. Itching is totally unrelated to this. If you had homeostasis causing itching, it would have been detected by ultrasound. It would be helpful to have a gastroenterologist work up with endoscopy if the pain is too much and tests like those for typhoid etc. Take care.

input: dear sir/mam, i had my last period on 28th dec 2010, till now i didnt get periods, i undergone pregnancy test its negative, so my dr referred me take meprate 10 mg now i m takiing , last two days i m getting guiltiness and i felt may be am i pregnancy?
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion giddiness alone might not suggest pregnancy. The pregnancy symptoms like nausea, vomitings, increased urination, sore breasts, giddiness,tiredness might be there with positive urine pregnancy test. Meprate tablets are given for with Chat Doctor. Also, the pregnancy test is negative. The giddiness might be due to weakness.Don't worry. Take healthy nutritional diet. If irregular periods continue get evaluated for thyroid abnormalities, PCOD. Avoid stress. Stress, overweight, obesity might also cause irregular periods. So relax. Best regards....

input: I had a severe allergic reaction to an ant bite about a week and a half ago. Blood pressure dropped to 70/63 and was rushed to the ER and was given loads of Benadryl, went through 2 bags of fluid and had to be put on oxygen. I m still very tired though, I have this running exhaustion feeling. My question is- how long is this supposed to last? Is it normal for me to be feeling so tired?
output: Hi, see allergic reaction can be immediate, late and/or delayed from which the later can be last for more than 2 days, so u might have delayed hypersensitivity/Allergic reaction due to ant bite. If this problem remains even after few weeks and u still feel exhaustion or tired then there will be some other cause.u need to see your physician for correct diagnosis but don't worry nothing serious, u will be alright.

input: I need to find a doctor for myself. I was DX with Lupus nearly 20 years ago and then again when I went to seek answers 5 years ago, the doctor asked me if anyone had ever mentioned I had Lupus. Im not full-on with symptoms again, but not sure who I should see. I used to take T3 for a thyroid issue, too. I just dont want to be bounced from person to person. I have hair loss, skin / joint/ muscle pain, skin raised redness/rashes, more frequent migraines (yes, DX as true migraines), vision issues, brain fog, fatigue that seems to be ruling my life. I just have to drop and sleep, yet never sleep more than 4 hours at a time in the night. I am gaining weight even though I eat very healthy. I was DX in August via a colonoscopy of diverticulitis (still having issues with blood in my stools). Oh, I am 44.
output: Hello madam thanks for the query your problems looks like more of due to your thyroid so plus check your T3,T4,TSH and get back to report...pls consult an endocrinologist for further treatment of lupus...thank you regards

input: I was just informed that my 81 year old father has some sort of narcoleptic syndrome triggered by medications which he has been taking for dementia (seroquel). Is this really a possible explanation for the fact that one month ago he was perfectly mobile, talking and functioning normally with sporadic memory loss and is bedridden and unable to speak or move for the past 5 days??
output: Hello, The neuroleptic malignant syn Chat Doctor.  It has a genetic basis, so some people are more liable to have this syn

input: My father, 54 years old, is diagnosed with Hepatitis B. He is getting treatment for it but his medicines are causing constant low Blood pressure i.e: 90 s(sys) / 50 s(dia). Plus nausea . He is asked to take Fish n meat but he vomits within hours of intake. He is losing weight fast too.
output: Hi in regard to your father symptoms they may be related with 1.side effects of antiviral (it's better if I knew the name of medication)2. Stomach problems I would suggest doing upper endoscopy and discuss with your gastroenterologist to change medication or the dose. Wishing him fast recovery Chat Doctor. 

input: My 13 year old daughter has what appears to be her lower left side rib sticking out.Like a lump where last rib would normally be. She has had it for a few months and it seems to be getting worse. (Sticking out more).She says it is a little tender. She is about 25lbs passed her goal wieght.
output: Dear Friend. Hi, I am Chat Doctor, I have read your query in detail, I understand your concern. I feel that requires evaluation, that swelling can arise from bone, or it can be soft tissue swelling. You should get her a X-ray Chest, Ultrasound of that area, and if required a FNAC or Biopsy might be required. This is my personal opinion based on details available here.  If you want to discuss your issues further, you may please ask stay Healthy. Chat Doctor, MD

input: i haven t got my periods yet.. today is my due date and my pregnancy test is poistive, i actually took an ipill so i never had this in mind. i actually have a baby and she is 1.4yrs old, so i am not yet ready for a second one. please help me with this situation
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor.5% of emergency pills fail to prevent conception. As your pregnancy test is positive, and you have taken pill in this cycle, so this pregnancy needs to be terminated. Consult your doctor for further management. For early pregnancy medical line of termination is preferred. Hope this helps you. Regards

input: My four-year-old vomits very easily. This morning he ate food he eats all the time -- pancakes, grapes, milk -- was perfectly fine, threw up, was perfectly fine again. This happens every now and again. Is it a weak gag reflex? Could it be more serious stomach issues?
output: Gastric outlet obstruction may b the cause of recurrent omitting following feeding and the child has good appetite despite omitting. U should go for an upper GI endoscopy to look for the cause.

input: okay so i have a friend who wet the bed last night and has a small lumps on his testies. He says they only hurt sometimes, but there is also more then one bump. They are fairley small but kind of hard. Is wetting the bed a sign of testicular cancer? do you think it should be checked out? or is there any other possiblity it could be?
output: Hello, The bed-wetting usually not related to testes cancer. The nodule or lump on testes suggestive of some tumor lesion. For that I suggest investigating with ultrasonography of testes first for primary work up according to that report further management decided. Kindly upload photo of lesion to comment further Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, my daughter has super ventricular Tachycarida. She gets really short of breath when just taking the stairs at school so she used to use an elevator key, but the school took it away. Is there anything that she can do to help her breathing at school and at home?
output: Hello, Usually supraventricular tachycardia is usually episodic in nature and will not cause persistent shortness of breath.  First thing is that, the type of supraventricular tachycardia should be determined. So get one ECG done and upload it or show it to local doctor. If she is having persistent type of supraventricular tachycardia like atrial fibrillation then only it can cause this type of symptoms. For this rate control Chat Doctor.  Secondly we need to find for another cause, for that she'll need echo, hemoglobin testing.  In general, she should have salt and fluid including water tea milk coffee etc. restriction to minimum. Very good medicine are available so you either upload her reports or visit local doctor. She'll medicine like metoprolol, horsehide etc.

input: thankz doc vel i hav an allergy from last five years ma lyf z like hell could u plz sugest how ma swellin vil go bcoz sometime i hav severe headache breathin problem chest congesion ma complexion z gettin dark plz sugest ma nose vz very pointed nw d adenoisz r grown plz recommend somethin n ur num
output: Brief Answer:Needs a Proper stepwise approach. Detailed Answer:Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor. My name is Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query and would try to help you in the best possible way. Allergies in most of the cases stay with us through our whole lives, it is us who have to learn to control them and to live a good quality life with them. Allergy needs a step wise approach :(1) Meeting a Doctor.(2) Blood and other tests(3) Diagnosing type of Allergy(4) Figuring out what causes allergy (allergen)(4) How severe is it, or it can go(5) What med can control kit(6) What med controls it best(7) Sooner of later that med needs to be aided with some other med or have to be changed.(8) What are the risk factors.(9) Does the patient qualify to steroids or not? Suggestions: I have already told you how would I approach this issue, it needs proper check-ups and follow up to be controlled and treated well, for the time being if I were your doctor I would suggest you take an antihistamine for example loratadine 10 mg daily and an over the counter Painkiller+anti-inflammatory like Tylenol(acetaminophen) 325 mg thrice daily, But this is just to buy time till you can have a good contact with your doctor and all you reports are compiled and diagnosis is made...some people also need steroid to suppress allergy.CONCLUSION: Don't be alarmed there are doctors and clinics specialized in Allergy and it's a daily routine matter for them just follow this issue well and soon as you get settled on a med ...just one or two pills a day, and you will live a long healthy comfortable life ..... Hope I have answered your query. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help if not then don't forget to close the discussion and rate it. Wishing you good health !!

input: Hi how are you doing? I have a question about my health, I just went to a doctor this afternoon and he found out that I have a h pilori desease, just wondering it can be detect where I might get this? My employer has this kind of desease, is it possible that she gave this to me?
output: Hello, Welcome to ChatDoctorH. Pylori is a spiral-shaped bacterium present in the stomach of persons. It is commonly transmitted person-to-person by saliva. It can also be spread by fecal contamination of food or water. Crowded conditions and poor hygiene contributes to higher H. pylori prevalence. H. pylori enters the body through the mouth, moves through the digestive system, and infects the stomach or the first part of the small intestine. More than 80% of people will be asymptomatic. But infected individuals are prone to get peptic disease. Hope you are happy with the answer. Thank you

input: Several weeks ago, I treated myself with over the counter meds for what I thought was a nasty yeast infection.  Then, the following week, my husband complained of itching and a red rash in and on his genitals, but he didnt do/take anything and it went away.  Now, I have what I think is a yeast infection again.  Could we be passing a yeast infection or something else back and forth?  What can I do to make this go away?  I have endometriosis.  Am I more likely to just get lots of yeast infections?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Fungal infection is most common in the area around genitals and the fungus are the normal comedians of the genitals which are kept under control by the helpful organisms, whenever there is an imbalance in the environment it will lead to multiplication and growth of the fungus in this area. The fungus can sustain for longer duration of time in the wet and moist areas, it is most common in females compared to males as the urethra is short. I would suggest you to follow1. Keep the area clean and Chat Doctor. Topical antifungal cream3. Oral antihistaminesThese medications will help to control the fungal infection. Thank you.

input: i have missed my period one day but the urine test came negative. The doctor prescribed susten 200 for 7 days in once. what purpose for this and how many days after we knew the pregnency after miss period. My mensus period is correct before two or more days before.Pls give me the answer of this suspicious questions.
output: Hi, Austen is given to support the pregnancy if you are pregnant or if you are not pregnant, it induces the periods.  You will get periods only after stopping Austen, and it may take 1 to 2 weeks for the periods to come. So, you can do a urine pregnancy test after 1 week.  It will clear the doubt that you are pregnant or not. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: My five year old has a very large lump at the back of his jaw bone, behind the last molar and has developed fever and a mild stomach ache. I ve never seen anything like this, wonder what it could be and whether I should be calling my dr. or dentist.
output: Hi....by what you say this looks like a supportive cervical adenopathy or infection if the neck area lymph nodes. I suggest you consult your Pediatrician as this might require evaluation and antibiotic therapy. Regards - 

input: I have extreme pain mostly in my neck and lower back. Sweats and chills. Absolutely no energy. Headache that feels like a spinal headache. It hurts worse when I am up right but does not go completely away when I lay down. I can usually drink coffee but it now tastes horrible.
output: Take Advil tabs twice a day after meals. Do hot packs on neck and back. If pain severe, take tramadol 100 mg SOS. Get your BP checked. Consult a physician and a neurologist

input: Hi Doctor, I 36 year old male India, suffering from  amobasis since last 17 years. I taken lot of antiboitec but it is not full cure. Now i am toomuch frustarated and i dont want to take any english medicine. If you have any herbal medicine i can take forever to avoid this bloody amobasis. Please help me doctor.
output: Hi Welcome to ChatDoctorI Have gone through your query regarding your17 years of amoebas It is after OC great concern. I want to know what all symptoms you face , and for how much time they carry on ? Individuals with weakened immune systems are at a higher risk of amoebas. Conditions such as cancer, malnutrition and old age can contribute to suppressed immunity. Normally seen symptoms are, Sudden weight loss Abdominal cramping & painNausea, Loss of appetite, Flatulence , Tiredness , Dehy Chat Doctor. Treatment also includes certain medications which help to destroy the parasites. These may lead to some side effects such as nausea and a metallic taste in the mouth. Medications to treat diarrhea may also be prescribed. It is important to 

input: Every day at work I drink tea in the morning with Splenda, and everyday my hands swell to the point that I cant remove my rings.  Ive tried different combinations of caffeinated and non-caffeinated teas, and different or no sweetners to try to figure out what can be causing the swelling and nothing has helped.  My only other thought is that it could be the filter in the line leading up to the pot.  The filter is an Everpure IN-10, and when I look at the spec I notice that Hexametaphosphate crystals are used in this filter.  Could this be causing the problem.  By the way, I do have high bloodpressure and take a medication which contains 12.5mg of HCTZ and an additional 25mg of HCTZ each day.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It can be difficult to determine the source of an allergy. IF you are not able to determine the cause by elimination it is sometimes the best option to have allergy testing done. This can be done by blood tests or skin prick testing. Allergy testing can be done against a range of agents and would be able to pick up what is causing your symptoms. I hope this helps

input: I was diagnosed with scoliosis when i was in middle school. I am now 23. I have days when my back hurts all day. I work as a nursing assistant. I have a back brace that i bought. Its not a medical brace just a ordinary brace. Do i need to follow up and have it rechecked since its been a while since a doctor last looked at my back.
output: Dear-thanks for using our service and will give you my medical advice. It is important to have a follow-up of your scoliosis with an orthopedic. This is a condition that can get worse and give you more symptoms as you get older. You ne a medical brace, one that has been made for your specific measurements and support. This is something that will avoid getting worse and will relieve the pain. I hope that my advice has been helpful Chat Doctor. 

input: I FEEL SURE MY HUSBAND HAS HAD AND IS STILL HAVING MINI STROKES. WE HAVE HAD EVERY TEST DONE THAT THE DOCTOR ASK, THE LAST THING SUGGESTED WAS ANOTHER MRI OF HIS BRAIN BUT IT HAS NOT BEEN SCHEDULED YET. WHAT SHOULD I DO AND HOW SOON IS IT NECESSARY. HE CANNOT WALK HIS LEFT LEG IS NUMB AND HE IS HAVING TROUBLE KNOWING WHEN HE IS USING THE BATHROOM, BOTH URINATING AND BOWEL MOVEMENTS. HE STAYS CONFUSED ALL THE TIME .
output: Hello, Sorry for your distress. The confusion is a sign of a problem with the brain. The leg numbness and bathroom problems can be due to a problem in the brain or spine. A condition which may tie all these in is known as normal pressure HY Chat Doctor. An MRI of the brain should be able to identify this condition and I would advise you to get that done. The MRI of the brain is also a good way to check for stroke. All the best.

input: I just came from my ent who viewed a ct of my head for a rather large lump in my jawline. Originally he thought it may be a blocked salivary gland but now sees it is a lump off of the lymph node. I am scheduled for a test next week where he will remove cells and have a specialist look at them. My question is, is there a chance it could be cancer?
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. Possible causes are1. Inflammation or bacterial infection in the ENT area.2. Tuberculosis.3. Secondary deposits in the nodes from a primary tumor.4. Primary lymphoma. The possibility of cancer exists, but it is wise not to conclude till the final report is ready. Wishing you good health Regards

input: my 2 1/2 year old has been on cefzin for 3 days being treated for tonsillitiis. the last day and a half she has been very grumpy, like she doesnt feel good. is there a possibility she could still get strep like her sister had, even while she is on antibiotic?
output: Hi...it depends on the antibiotic she is on. All antibiotics do not have action against streptococci. So If there is a point of contact with another kid who is having strep sore throat there is theoretically a possibility that she can get strep sore throat or pharyngitis. Regards - 

input: hello, i am a female, 52 years of age. recently i have bump my arm against a door nob and a large bump appeared on my forearm. a few days later, i happen to hit my hand and yet a bigger bump appeared where i had banged myself. both of these on my same left hand/arm. i am not sure how to make it go away and its not brused, black & blue nor does it hurt... please give me some advise. thank you
output: Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. From the history it seems to be a hematoma (collection of blood) in subcutaneous tissues due to some minor bleeding by the trauma. If I were your doctor, I would apply a pressure Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Hi,I have taken excessive alcohol for 5 days continuously after a 2 months break and on the 7th day I had LFT and found my SGPT is 51 U/L whereas the normal range is 41 U/L. Our company doctor said that it is because of excessive alcohol and the elevated range is negligible. Can I wait for one more week to go for another round of LFT or it is better to consult a specialist immediately. All other counts are normal except SGPT. My age is 36 and weight is 65. Please guide me. Thanks in advance.Regards,Srini
output: Welcome at Chat Doctor!!!  I have gone through your query and being your doctor I completely understand your health concerns.  Yes definitely excessive alcohol consumption is causing Increase in Sept levels... All u need is to quit alcohol consumption and consult hepatologist so that proper management can be provided to you.  Stay safe Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I am having intermittent pain from the top of my groin down to my knee. I will be walking and all of a sudden it begins to burn and I have pain and it gets very weak from the top of my thigh to my knee and I have to make it to somewhere to sit for a minute or 2 and then it usually goes away and I can walk ok although it does feel weak for a little while.
output: Hello, As a first line management you can take analgesics like paracetamol or diclofenac for pain relief. If symptoms persist, it is better to consult a physician and get evaluated.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hello doctor, i didnt had sex till now but i had noticed my penis outer skin its joint and its not going back as well as the hole opening is too small, i tried pulling back but the upper skin is joint and it doesnt come back. Please advice if i need any surgery or treatment ans whether i have a risk of losing my manhood after surgery.....
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum If you are not able to retract the foreskin till the coronal Julius exposing the glans, then please visit a urologist who can advise you surgery/other remedies for relief. Do not worry surgery for this cannot cause any damage to your manhood. All the best.

input: I think i have alpha 1 disease my mom and grandfather had it i am not sure I just feel tired all the time and even if walk to mail box can get out of breath i gained like 80 pounds in the past 2 years also i just feel horrible not sure if thats why or maybe something else
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* With the family history and narrated symptoms there is more likely to be having the alpha 1 disease.* Confirmation of the diagnosis requires blood test of alpha 1 anti trypsin level measurement in blood. Hope this will help to clear your doubt . Wishing you fine recovery. Regards.

input: Hi! I injured my knee at a football game 2 days ago, mechanism of injury=I kept falling on my knees,high impact. No instant swelling that I noted (adrenalin) but did feel pain, I admit I kept playing so did weightbear after falls..first fall of significance in first half. Knee started to stiffen up and get more painful towards end of match, knee noticeably swelling and real discomfort on car home and painful to sleep, ache walking and stairs or kneeling painful...used price technique straight away..iced it straight away, tubrigrip compression and elevated..knee now feels better..widespread bruising tender on palpation of joint line/bruises, knee not as stiff but still an ache at end range flexion swelling has reduced. I think when the bruising goes the dull ache in my knee should go too, I feel I dont need physio or medical intervention as its only been 3 days since injury and to let healing process take its course? Am I foolish or should I check if ligaments/cartilage isnt Injured even though the symptoms/mechanism don t match? Thanks
output: Hello, I have studied your case. As per your history there is possibility of soft tissue injury in knee. Most commonly meniscus injury occurs may be associated collateral ligament injury. If pain persists then you may need to do MRI knee to see for any functional defect. As per your symptoms you need to do physiotherapy and knee exercises to improve range of motion. Rest and ice fomentation along with supportive brace will help to reduce swelling and pain. Small meniscus tear can be managed conservatively with physiotherapy with USG and TENS. Meniscus injury can be managed by arthroscopic repair. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: Im 20 male, 164cm, 53kg. i have sinus on one side, have motion sickness, have more hair fall thn normal but no bald sign. i have 2 prob: 1st is i have almost continuous cold like character from 15yrs where my throat is sore very easily if i get wind in night time; if i dont cloth myslf warmer i start hving heavy mucus, if i warm myself properly it ends about 5 days. its not normal because others near me are not hving cold even when i easily have it. 2nd is my inside-belly prob; i easily have stomach ache after 30min-2hours of major meals (like once every 2 week), where i pass out diarrhoe-like stool and the pains goes after shitting all, i need to give some energy to pass these out at first (it jst dont come easily in beging), i use to take 1 metronidazole and furazolidone tablet, which mom tell. My stomach is always in a very mild discomfort nowadays after i eat something but no diarhoe in this case.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. You should not take self medicines for any health problems. Consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment. Your first continuous cold related condition should be related to allergens and the second one due to stomach and digestion related problems. Please consult a physician for clear outlook. You also might be interested to know that anxiety and obsession and preoccupation with non-present-symptoms can also manifest such symptoms. For such a case, you need to consult a psychologist. If you still need my help, please describe the whole problem in detail and post a direct question to me. I shall definitely help you with psychotherapy techniques to overcome your problems. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: my child is 4 years old she had loose motion and high fever doctor suggested normetrogyl 5ml for 5 days but because of some miss communication between my husband we gave her for 3 days only the next weak she got fever again and loose motion we went again to the doctor she gave us brifilac powder for 3 days two times i have already given her but still her fever has not come down plz suggest
output: Hi...by what you say this seems to be a viral diarrhea. It seems your kid is having viral diarrhea. Once it starts it will take 5-7 days to completely get better. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. I suggest you use zinc supplements (Z&D Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi im george. Ive been having pain inbetween my collarbones and shoulder blade where it meets my neck... I am nearly 25 years old male. It started about 6 months ago and only occurred when breathing in whilst walking up a very large hill near my house. Over the past few days its doing it when relaxed, driving doing anything. Today i have noticed my chest is heavy and just now i noticed my right ear feels a little like ive been on an aeroplane... Please help
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have pain in between collarbones and shoulder blade while breathing in. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like muscle spasm, cervical spondylosis, cervical radiculopathy or working in one pose for long time. I would suggest you to apply warm compresses on neck and on shoulder blades, do not sit in one pose for long time and take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for pain. If condition doesn't get well then consult orthopedic surgeon for proper examination. Doctor may order CT scan or MRI to confirm the diagnosis. Doctor may prescribe muscle relaxant along with anti-inflammatory and vitamin supplement for quick recovery. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: I had a panic attack earlier today and had trouble catching me breath. I m ok as long as I sit still if I do any type of physical activity even as easy as carrying groceries I can feel a slight shortness of breath. My wife.Is currently suffering from bronchitis I m not sure if this a symptom that I may have the same thing
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Stress, anxiety and panic attacks itself cause breathlessness. So no need to worry about bronchitis. Consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Doctor, afterstudying about BP, it is a chronic disorder of our blood flow inside our blood vessels, i believe it generally happens due to many of these elelments viz., 1. high mind pressure with internal tension 2. foods with high sodium levels 3. excess BMI with high cholesterol levels. - I am i right or wrong
output: Yes u right to some extent they all can cause highly blood pressure, but blood pressure can be present without any cause. So age other co forbids and examination help to decide cause of high blood pressure

input: my friend has been suffering from fever for 15 days...tests for typhoid n malaria negative...fever occurs at night with shivering...almost normal during daytime...blood tests show 19500 leukocyte count and neutrophil count at 88...what should be done...doctors at a loss
output: Dear friend you certainly seem to be having an infection or in rare cases chronic myeloid leukemia. If nothing else a leukemia reaction from an infection, but your white cell count does reach the lower limits of CML range. You also need to rule out a lung infection or an Please discuss these possibilities with your doctor and before a diagnosis is made please request for a peripheral smear to be examined by a haemato-pathologist to at least screen for CML

input: I m a type 2 diabetic. My doctor changed my meds to three pills 5 months ago, Metformin gave extreme gastro side effects. So I have been taking Januvia, Glimeperide and Glipezide. It kept my blood sugar much lower but not perfect. I had 3 episodes of symptoms of low blood sugar but I never got a reading lower than 80. Now my pharmacists has questioned the 3 medication so, as of 3 weeks ago I no longer take Glimeperide. Now I m having mild pressure in my abdomen and sternem, shallow breathing and muscle tension for no reason. Any thoughts?
output: Hi sir. Usually diabetic medicines with metformin may cause abdominal problems like gastritis, ulcer.make sure that your sugar level is under control especially HE a1c is under control. Pain in lower abdomen and sternum is exactly due to gastritis so it's better to take anti ulcer medicines to solve this problem avoid taking oily and spicy foods avoid taking tea coffee or milk avoid some vegetables like radish cabbage and cauliflower so that it may help to reduce gastritis. Consult a physician for medications, thank you.

input: i have a rash on the inside of my bicep and it just so happens it is over the area where i had my implanon implanted. i had it implanted 8 months ago and am just now getting the rash and it looks a lot like the pupps rash i had on my stomach when i was pregnant. i don t know if it is related but i figured i would add that in.
output: Hello.thanks for sharing your query Since it is already 8 months since the insertion was done, I won't think that the Implant should be a cause of the rashes you have. You may apply a mild topical steroid for 3-4 days to see if it improves. If you have itching, oral anti histamines may be taken. However, if your lesions persist, you must visit a dermatologist.PUPPY rash is a pregnancy related condition and resolves mostly within a week of delivery. A few women continue to experience symptoms into the postpartum period, but I think this not be related to the present symptoms. Hope this is helpful. Take care.

input: hi, i am suffering from body ache, weakness and running a mild temperature, which has gone down since yday but is still present. I tried booking an appointment with a general practitioner at a med centre near my place but they are booked out:( and i am not in a pnysical state to travel far. i took a 500 mg paracetamol tablet which did provide some relief but the weakness stays. Should i take multi vitamin capsules along with the paracetamol for better relief until i get an appointment with a gp tomorrow?
output: Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor .yes you can AKE paracetamol 500 mg 8 holy or as and when required to receive your symptom. Multivitamine are not required as it will not give you immediate effect. Try to contact your clinician as soon as possible to investigated and take treatment .take care.thanks.

input: This question concerns my mother in law: She is a 71 year old woman, and she is a smoker. 2 years ago, she had breast cancer , but it was cured through radiation therapy. This February she was diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. She has been following chemotherapy treatment since April to October. The liquid in the bile duct has reduced, but there are still lesions on the liver, it is inflamed, and there are now lesions on the spleen . The oncologist said that a resection was out of the question, so he is trying a new drug combo of Irinotecan 180mg, Folinique Acid 400mg and Fluorouracil 400mg and 46 hours of Fluorouracil 2400mg followed by a week of rest. During all of the previous treatment, she has had very low haemoglobin and platelets. My husband and I would like to know a rough estimate as to the prognosis, as our oncologist seems to go back and forth with his answers
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Cholangiocarcinoma does not have a very good prognosis per se. Even after complete chemotherapy, complete remission is difficult. The prognosis depends mainly on the stage of cancer. Anemia and thrombocytopenia is a side effect of chemotherapy. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.

input: I am 18 years old. I got my period on October 15th and had unprotected sex on October 27th. On October 28th I took plan b. I am on birth control but took it at different times (within a few hours) the few days leading up to October 27th. (8 pm one day, 11:30 pm the next day, and 10 pm the next day) so I was very nervous and took the pill especially because it was around the time Im supposed to be ovulating. Then, I had unprotected sex on November 1st really late at night and the day before that I took my birth control 3 hours later than I normally do. Does plan b push back ovulation so I would be ovulating on the weekend of Nov 1st? Do you think that I have a chance of becoming pregnant??
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Contraceptive pills need to be taken regularly at fixed time. As you have taken pill daily but at irregular time, still It's effective in controlling ovulation. Not to worry. If at all you miss your periods get pregnancy test done. Try to take pill at a regular time daily, If you find it difficult to take regularly better to go for other methods of contraception. Hope this helps regards

input: I had sex with my gf last night, I had no groin pain and my sperm looked normal, today we had intercourse again and my right side above my penis near my bladder hurts and my right testical, also my sperm was dark yellow. What could this be? Please help.
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum Pain might have occurred due to muscle pull/stretch during the intercourse/ blunt injury unknowingly during the act.  So, Muscle relaxant with a painkiller will help you a lot.  Regarding your color of semen, it sometimes varies normally & during infection. So, please for semen analysis if you have any doubts or any symptoms like burning sensation/frequency/pain while urinating.  All the best.

input: Hi, I have been diagnosed with degenerative disc disease since about age 15, I am now 48 years old. My lumbar all the way down through sacral has been fused. I have constant pain in right foot/toes that I have been able to control for about 7 to 8 years, but now pain is getting worse in back above fusion and in the front below belly button. I am wondering if I may now have an issue at T-12 ? I am a male if that makes any difference.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. The spine is made up of an alignment of small bones. These bones have sponge like discs between them and the spinal cord passes along the back of these bones through the spinal canal. There might be pressure on the discs in the dorsal and lumbar spine and this is causing slight pressure on the spinal canal at a particular level and causing pinching of nerve roots leading to severe pain in the area supplied by the nerve. The disc problem which had involved the T 12 - L 1 disc might have affected the discs at other levels also. Besides, you also have fused vertebrae at lumbar levels. As your symptoms are on the right it is possible that the nerve roots on the right side are affected. You require to be examined a neurologist and an MRI of the dorsal and lumbar spine if indicated to know if the nerve are under pressure and the location. There are patients who get relief by doing physiotherapy and taking neurogenic pain relievers. Injections are also given for relief. However, this might not always happen. If your pain is severe and not responding to medical treatment then the disc protrusion needs to be removed by doing a small surgery at the cervical neck region. Presently, laser assisted surgical techniques are also available. If the pain is mild then it appears to be a minor problem that is treatable. Please do not worry.

input: I am on Subutex , Neurontin , Remeron and Zoloft , Plus Klonopin , Plus I am on Synthroid , and Also 2 Blood Pressure pills , I Still Suffer with Depression and Anxiety , My Blood Work says I am Healthy , But Mentally I am Tired but Still anxious , I know this is A lot of Meds to be on , I feel as Though I am Hooked on these Meds now , I went into a Detox 8 Months ago to get off Morphine Sulfate and Hydrocodone , Came out on all these Meds..
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. You may try other antidepressants as well as bupropion or venlafaxine or venlafaxine.etc. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: I ve been feeling really stressed lately, and I don t know if I m having anxiety attacks or something else, but it feels like I m trying to crawl out of my body. Like my body feels heavy and uncomfortable and my breath is off. I don t know what this is or what to do.
output: Yes these symptoms can be due to anxiety. Any stressful event can precipitate anxiety. I would suggest you to visit a doctor, get yourself get investigated thoroughly including thyroid function test and routine blood test. If necessary some medicines pr therapy can be started for your problem

input: Had a gaulbladder operation on the 11th May 2011 came out on the 12th stiches on the 20th May 2011.  The same night i was addmitted back to hospital i was there for 4 days i was told i have a built up of blood where the drain came out.  Before i came out they took a scan they said it was all right but i was still in alot of pain and feel quite ill they told me to see my doctor so  after a week  i did so he put me on  two courses of antibiotics one was 400 mg the other 375 mg for two  weekes.  After two  i had a rest to see if it was any better but it is still the same, i went back to see the doctor today and he send through to get me a scan  as soon aspossible can you give me any advice be very grateful thank you .
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. This is common complications of gallbladder surgery and may happen if blood vessel is damaged, or it bleeds for the liver bed. You need to do ct scan and check our red blood count in most cases it can be treated without surgery but sometime sit is required do evacuate hematoma and cingulum if antibiotics won't work. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: I have a sharp pain right under my left rib cage, when I stretch it out its its like sore, been like this for almost 2 months, went to the ER 3weeks ago for bladder infection, told doctor she just looked. At it and press dpwn on it thats about it, after everthing was done she never mention anything about my sore rib cage
output: Thanks for your question pain under the rib cage can be due to painful muscle or nerve pain or pain due to pleural effusion or pleuritic. You can get a chest X-ray done and consult a pulmonologist or a general physician to rule out all the causes .for now you can take a painkiller like paracetamol after consulting a physicianthanksregardsmay God bless you with good health

input: dark green poop my son is 19 months and for the last few days has been having loose dark green poops..so dark that in some spots it alomost looks black..it also has a real unusual strong smell to it.she also doesn t like me changing his diaper since it started and although it s loose stool he has a hard time pushing it out. he is a healthy todler the has a (for the most part) healthy appetite should I be concerned ?
output: Hi, Thanks and welcome to Chat Doctor. Dark green stools are not normal. It suggests infection. It requires treatment. Better consult pediatrician.continue feeding as usual. Sporolac one sachet twice daily may help. Hope this reply is OK for you.Further, queries invited. Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam.

input: My 11 month old has a rash all over her body but mostly her private area and her bum. It kind of looks like eczema but the doctor said its only a contact rash, it also half looked like it wanted to blister and bleed. Today I also noticed a lump behind her ear
output: Hi, Thank you for your query. It could be a contact dermatitis rash as the doctor said. You can apply a cream containing zinc oxide for soothing effect. The lump behind the ear usually due to an enlarged lymph node. Consult the doctor if the swelling is increasing. Hope I have answered your query. Regards.

input: I FILL TIRED IN AFTER NOON .MY HEART BEAT IS IN THIS TIME ABOUT 65.MY PRESSURE IS NORMAL.MY AGE IS 60.ECG REPORT IS NORMAL.I ALSO FILL WEAKNESS IN THIS TIME. 15 DAYS AGO 1 EPISODE OF VETIGO FOR F1 MINUTE IS HAPPNE.MY SERUM LDL COLESTEROL IS 136mg/dl.I AM FIT IN MORNING.IN AFTERNOON WHEN I AM IN REST I FILL  SMALL PALPILATIN IN MY CHEST.MY WEIGHT IS SLOWLY LOOSING.WHAT IS MY PROBLEM AND ITS TREATMENT.PLEASE HELP ME.HIGHT IS 172.WEIGHT 59 KG.
output: Hi, You need to undergo some examinations, such as ECG, serum glucose, carotid duplex ultrasound. Only after these examinations the right strategy may be found out. Your complaints may be caused by different conditions; heart disease, diabetes mellitus and for the episode of acute dizziness narrowing and blockage of carotid arteries should be excluded by carotid duplex ultrasound. Take fearsome back if you have any further questions

input: I have undergone IVF treatment mid way my doc stop because i have not responded well with antral follicle got only 2 the rest have not grown to the expected, she had given me regestrone 5mg for 10 days , need to know what would the effect of the tablet any chances of me getting pregnant inbetween , my hub sperm count is less than 2
output: Dear user, welcome to Chat Doctor. With a very low sperm count the only way to get pregnant is through intro cytoplasmic sperm injection (CSI). You should try another time with the maximum dose of HMG (450 IU) or try the short antagonist protocol. If you are obese try to optimize your body mass index (BMI). I can help you more if you mention your age, BMI, day 2 FSH and LH, prolactin, TSH and antimullerian hormone (AMH). I wish you good luck and getting pregnant soon.

input: Hello. I found a lump on the left side of my lower back about 2.5 months ago. It is the size of a dime and is not visible and can only be felt when pressure is applied to the skin. It hasnt grown or changed and is painless to the touch. However, I do have back and leg pain. I am a 22 yr old female. I dont smoke or drink and am relatively healthy. No history of cancer in my family.
output: Respected user, hi I evaluated your query thoroughly.* According to the narration, it is most likely to be Lipoma (accumulation of subcutaneous fat) which can give rise to local discomfort but not leg pain which seems to be separate entity than this. Hope this clears your query. Welcome for any further assistance. Thanks for using Chat Doctor .com & giving me an opportunity to assistWishing you happy healthy life ahead. Regards dear take care.

input: my boyfriends semen is normal looking but has chunky pieces in it jello-like in texture and they stay jello-like they dont melt or anything i know he used to do a lot of drugs before we started dating is it just side effects from smoking crack? (hes been clean for a year and half now) or is it infertility? does he have an STD? cause before we started dating i made him get checked out considering his past and he turned up clean on the tests. he says that his semen has had chunks in it for quite awhile but it kinda conserns me like i dont want to catch anything and i do want to have a child someday
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. These symptoms and signs are suggestive of STD especially if there is associated pain, fever, urethral discharge and recent sexual intercourse. So this is the first thing to rule out by doing STD testing. Second, it may be signed of reinfection o urinary stones and some other genital infection, but this is less common. In every case, antibiotic therapy may be required, so test should be done as soon as possible so that appropriate treatment can be started. Till that try to Chat Doctor. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: Can i nebulize my child 5 year old with clenil compositum and atem together?? I used to nebulize him with simple clenil compositum and normal saline every winter season .. but now his coughing is not going.. he recently started penecillin day before yesterday because his chest infection was not going
output: Hello, Short answer: Detailed answer: You can use clinic composite together with item. Scientific studies show that when clinic composite (containing albuterol) is given together with item (containing ipratropium bromide), the results are better compared to clinic composite alone. Therefore, you can give both preparations together, 2-4 times a day because they will not harm your baby but at the contrary, will help him. Also, you should find a solution for the chest infection, by changing the type of antibiotic for example, in close contact with your doctor, because it is a cause of your babies cough. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My mother is diabetic, has a mitral valve which needs replaced buy she is not healthy enough for the replacement. She has a pacemaker which she, per examine, is working 89% of the time. For the last three weeks she has been dizzy, very weak and has short term memory loss. Her primary care doctor says to let her be. Am I over reacting
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! I passed carefully through your question and would explain that her symptoms could be related to low blood flow to the brain. A stroke or a metabolic disorder can not be excluded either. For this reason, I would recommend consulting with her attending doctor for a careful physical exam. Some tests are needed to investigate for the possible underlying causes: - a brain CT scan-complete blood count for anemia-fasting glucose and HbA1C levels-blood electrolytes- kidney and liver function tests. Meanwhile, I would recommend you to closely monitor her blood pressure values to exclude possible low blood pressure. Hope to have been helpful! Wishing good health, 

input: I have been dealing with kidney stones since 1979. Recently I was in the emergency for pain from a kidney stone blockage. The ER doc ordered a CT scan to confirm the stone. When the results came back he informed me that I had stones in my liver and my spleen . My questions are: What causes spleen and liver stones; and is any treatment advised?
output: Hi Linda, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Since you have stones in the kidney, liver and spleen, you will need to do thyroid function tests to rule out hypercalcinosis, which is a condition in which there is above normal levels of calcium in the blood, which can lead to stone formation in various organs. If hypercalcinosis is detected, then it will need to be treated. Liver and spleen stones don't need to be treated. If there are stones in the Gall Bladder and if they are causing problem, then surgical removal of gall bladder is required.  Wish you all the best.

input: hi doc, im 34 male , and my semen analysis report says vol-4.9ml, colour-yellowish grey, transparency-opaque, consistency-watery, motility 50%active and progressive, 10% sluggish. pus cells 4-6/, count 15million.what are my chances, what does this mean, thank you.
output: Hi! Your sperm count is a little less than the minimum normal and your sperm activity(motility) too falls a little short of the minimum required. This condition is called oligoasthenozoospermia. Several conditions like varicocele, partial sperm tube blockage, genital infection etc. may cause it. Please do not worry. Meet your urologist who should be able to sort it out. All the best!

input: sir,i was effected abdomen TB last Two years , I complete course and last one years i feel ok not any problem and no medician. Now i feel that my abdomen are large size and tight after food but i have no any symtom like no fever, no pain, no lose wts. I dought for again abdomen TB.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read your history and understood the problem. It is good that you had been diagnosed and well treated for Tuberculosis of abdomen. Since you were asymptomatic for last year the chances of an active TB of abdomen is remote. The probable causes for belatedness and tightness of your abdomen can be: Intestinal sub-acute intestinal obstruction due to stricture formation of intestine; this is quite common sequel. Can be a mild gastroenteritis. I would advise you the following. X-ray of the abdomen in standing position. This is the cheapest and simplest test to see for intestinal obstruction. Ultrasonography and CT scan of the abdomen to confirm. Routine tests of blood and urine. Enterocolitis if obstruction is suspected, Diagnostic Laparoscopy: this helps in diagnosis and well as therapeutically. One can cut the bands / release the adhesions. Take a course of an antibiotic and metronidazole for 5 days, is there is a response, nothing to worry. - Maintain healthy food habits, avoid too many fibrous foods as they can cause repeated sub-acute intestinal obstructions. If no relief further investigations and treatment will be required.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your qHi Doctor I am shri 25 years running. I am 3 years married. My problem is i am unable to get pregnant. Last Year i was pregnant but i had aborrtion in the month of 2.5 , after that i am unable to get pregnant. I have all tests like TORCH TEST (IGGM, IGM), Glucose test, Menstrual blood test taht all ate normal. I a test i have PCOD problem for this problem doc, advised me TABLET BIGOMET SR 500 for 3 months i am taking this tablet and this is my last month for taking this tablet, with this i am taking FOLIC ACID tablets also. please doctor advise me what should i do for get pregnant as soon as possible. Regards shri XXXXXXXXXXuery here...
output: Hi, I think you should take some medicines like camphene for the growth of your follicles and track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when your follicles is more than 17 to 18 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles.  Be in contact with your husband every 2 to 3 days after your periods stop.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks. Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  Discuss with your doctor regarding this.  The problem in PCs is with ovulation. So, you have to take medicines for ovulation.  Bigoted alone will not help.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I have a friend that has MS and has to take shots. He took a shot and there was a lot of blood that followed after he took the needle out. I was thinking his blood was too thin.  (I take warfarine and this is why I was concerned) He drinks a lot of Red Bulls drinks too.
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You are taking warfarin.  It is oral anticoagulant Chat Doctor.  It prevents clotting of blood.  So it leads to bleeding.  You should test your PT and INR. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health. Don't forget to click, thank you.

input: On Friday I started getting the chills and noticed I had a fever of 102+. I took Theraflu thinking it was a flu coming on. However, I kept getting a fever every few hours. On Saturday, I started getting watery diarrhea. Later that night, my fever spiked to 103.3. I still have diarrhea and have to use the bathroom every 2-3 hours. I took a tylenol last night and the fever has not come back yet. However, I still have to keep using the bathroom and it does not seem to be getting better. Is there anything I can do to stop this?
output: I warmly Welcome you! Thanks for consulting me at virtual clinic. I have carefully worked through your case, and I can realize your health worries. Being your physician, I assure you not to worry as I will take care all of your medical concerns. I usually prescribe in such cases Rifaximin (Ibadan) 200 mg per oral 8 hourly for 5 days. Use Mediate for revitalization and fulfil the fluid and electrolyte losses. It seems to be due to gastroenteritis due to some unhygienic/raw food. Only Tylenol can not be effective. You may need to go to your Physician for prescription of antibiotics. Hope it helped you today. If you need further, detailed and quick assistance related to any health issues, feel free to ask me a question directly from my profile. You can also attach Lab reports and pictures directly from the question window, or by emailing it to attachments@ChatDoctor .com with the Subject as, Attention: 

input: My baby is of two weeks. First week breast feeding was good enough for him however from last couple of days it has reduced a lot. Hence we started feeding lactogen but he vomits it out very frequently. What we are supposed to do to ensure he is being feed properly?
output: Thanks for posting on Chat Doctor. Breast milk is the best possible food for a baby and there can be no alternatives for that. Lactose or any other formula, is cow milk based and difficult to digest for the baby. So, in such a condition, the baby often vomits it out. Try not to go for formula feeds and go for breastfeeding as far as you can. You may express your breast milk and store it in a refrigerator before you bring it to the normal temperature and give to the baby. In case of breastfeeding, insert the entire nipple along with the areola (not only the nipple) in the babies mouth. Feed one breast at a time and alternate breasts with each feed. Breast milk is produced as per the demands of the baby as express through the suckling. In case of formula feeding, the hunger of the baby is reduced, and the baby suckles less automatically reducing the amount of breast milk produced. So, reduce formula feeds as far as you can. The adequacy of the feeds would be expressed with the amount of urine passed. Passing urine at least 5-6 times in 24 hours is to be considered adequate. Hope that helps. Feel free to revert with further queries if any.

input: Hi, I am a 34 year old women, I got sick in December just before Christmas. I went to the doctor 4 times. He told me that I had bronchitus and gave me meds. The cough got better and o did my chest, but I have had a heavy feeling in my chest for about a month now. When I lie down it feels like I have a lump in my Throat. I dont smoke, never have and am not overweight. Can I have Lung cancer? I am really worried
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor if you are experiencing symptoms. The possibilities based from just your description are varied. Most common causes of lung cancer are history of smoking, occupational exposure to chemicals or inhalation agents that could be deposited in lungs, hereditary. Diagnostic studies such as chest x-ray, ct-scan of neck and chest area could easily rule-out if you have lesions. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Are hydroxzine which is listed on my allergy list and hydrochloricthiazide ( in Lisinopril/ HCTZ) the same thing? My pharmacy (that I have gone to for years) and have had Lisinopril/ HTC 20 filled for years now says it is. I have not have any trouble taking Lis. Usually I react to meds with hives. What do you think?
output: Hi, I understand your concern. Hy ChatDoctor.  Hy

input: Hello Dr. I have been having depression and intrusive thoughts for five years now. Tried Zoloft for two weeks and was very ill with it. Stomach cramps etc. I am afraid of side effects of meds like tolerance after a whole and other issues. I am now quite tired of dealing with this condition naturally. What help can you suggest.
output: Hi, I can understand your concern about side effects after using Zoloft (Sertraline). Loose motions, stomach cramps, headache, abdominal discomfort, sleep disturbance are common side effects in initial weeks of treatment with Sertraline. Other better alternatives are reducing the dose of Sertraline or switching to Tablet Mirtazapine or Tablet Venlafaxine with Clonazepam. Kindly discuss with your treating psychiatrist. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Wish you rapid recovery.

input: I break out after taking a shower, sweating, and swimming. Hi. i recently went to the beach and jumped into the ocean, swimming for 45 mins. when i got out and dried off, i broke out into a rash with small bumps and red patches around them. I went in the water the next day, same thing. after that, I started digging a hole in the sand. i sweated a lot, and the same thing happened. It happens whenever i take a shower now too. i came back from the beach and every night when i take a shower i break out into this really itchy rash, like a form of hives! I tried taking a cold shower, not using shampoo or soap, switching soap/shampoo, patting myself dry, and using moisturizing lotion after i dry off and nothing has worked, i always break out. what is wrong with me!? This is really frustrating.
output: Hello this is an allergic reaction may be from ocean water, so you can use anti-allergic medicine orally and lactocalamine lotion for application.

input: Sir, I am 32 years of age, i have habit of masturbation from last 8-10 years, even i got married 6 years ago. i does the same atleast 4 times in a week except sex with my wife. also during sex i m suffering from cold sweat. does it affect any seriour deseas such as kidny problem, cancer or such major deseases? sir pls advise me.
output: Masturbating is a normal process. It won't affect disease status you mentioned. You need not worry much about it. Just spend more time with your wife and stay away from pornographic site and materials. This will limit your urge to masturbate. Hopes this helps you. Thank you.

input: from since a young age i always had irregular heart beats. eg i was playing football when all of a sudden my heart started beating alot faster than usual, with chest pains on the right and short of breath. i ocassional suffer these attacks even when i sit down. now i regularly get irregular beats, where my chest hurts and at times short of breath from lying down...
output: Hi thereafter going through your query I understand your concern. I would like to tell you, palpitations along with shortness of breath is more likely to happen due to cardiac Arrhythmias, and it requires further evaluation to avoid fetal cardiac events. Kindly get your ECG, treadmill test or stress echocardiography done and see a Cardiologist with reports for further management. Hope to have been helpful. Kind Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: i feel down my stairs and hurt my ankle/achelies tendon i want to know if i should go get it looked at or suck it up yes it is swallon and yes it hurts to walk and yes movment i have been doing alot but it hurts like fudge, and when i stand on my tipy toes my achelies tendion/ ankle hurt alot
output: Fall with pain and swelling suggest sprain or some hairline fracture. Do X-ray and visit Or tho surgeon for further course of Rx.

input: I have IDC Left Breast stage 2 HER Positive, 1.5 cm Cancer was removed, 2 lympthnodes removed, they were negative. I have clear margins. Pathology report states I am in Low recurrence catagory returning and the cancer is confined to the left breast only. It was at 1:00. I am currently taking 33 Radiation. Im on # 17 with 16 more treatments to go. I went to F/up with my Oncologist today. He prescribed Anastrozole for me to start taking. Possibably for the next 5 to 10 years. I am 73 yrs old, in good health and very actice. With all the side effects stated for the medication prescribed, I don t want to take it. My PET showed I had no cancer elseware in my body. My qustion is, If I choose not to take this medication what are my chances of recurrence and would it be ok if I choose not to?
output: Hayes with Chat Doctor.  Some breast cancers are made to grow faster by a natural hormone called estrogen. Anastrozole decreases the amount of estrogen the body makes and helps to slow or reverse the growth of these breast cancers. Hot flashes, headache, trouble sleeping, dizziness, stomach upset, nausea/vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, loss of appetite, weight gain, tiredness/weakness, increased coughing, or sore throat may occur. If any of these effects last or get worse, tell your doctor or pharmacist promptly. Before using this medication, tell your doctor or pharmacist your medical history, especially of: heart disease (such as history of heart attack), bone loss (osteoporosis), liver disease, high blood pressure, blood clots. I will advise you to take one anastrozole tablet per day for 5 years. Its side effects can be managed symptomatically, Regards

input: I am getting a mild pain in my upper right abdomen while walking. A month ago a bent in my car from the front seat to get hold hold of a packet lying in the back seat. Then immediatley i could feel that my muscles on the upper right abdomen got constritced and remaine din that position for some time and then returned to normal. a few days after that incident i observed that i am getting this pain while walking. It does not show up at any other time, lie after a meal or when i am hungry. I browsed over the internet and found that upper right abdominla pain if often connected to gall stones. I have hypothyroidism and i take 100micrograms of thyronorm every morning. i am also overweight . my height is 5 feet, my age is 32 and my weight is 76kg. please suggest me a possible reason.
output: Hi ! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. From your history, it seems to me like you got a muscle strain due to over stretching as narrated by you. If I were your doctor, I would advise you for an anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 

input: hello doc,im 22 yrs old..my problem is from some month before my periods im getting much acne on my face .after period over automatically they r becoming less.due to pimples there are many black spots on face.pls recommend me some cream or a natural treatment..
output: Hi, Saloni, Thanks for query, Pimple before periods are common due to hormonal imbalance. Apply Retina cream. Do regular 3-4 times face wash. Avoid fried and junk food. Take plenty OD water, Avoid stress. Ok and bye.

input: i took my daughter to the hospital with rash all over her body about 5 days ago and the Dr said shes allergic to amoxicillon and that i should stop giving it to her and the rash would go away with in a few days. Well with in 2 days the rash was gone and now its coming back fast. Could there be something more serious wrong with her?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to us. Amoxycillin can lead to morbilliform rash-small flat to minutely elevated red rash as in measles. Treatment is withholding the Chat Doctor.  As the rash is recurring again, please get any viral exanthem ruled out by your doctor.Hope that helped

input: Hi,I had Spinal Fusion surgery in  2001.  From then on I maybe 2-3x a year I would get burning pain and inflammation in my feet and hands.  Lately in about  last 5 mos. the occurrences have become more often and in the past month my feet especially have been in pain... standing, seating or even laying in bed( if any part of my feet would be touching the mattress).   They would feel best raised but I could still feel slight burning and stiffness. I dont know if I should go see my back Doctor because that was a on the job injury or my family Doc.Please help....thank you for your assistance.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Your symptoms are suggestive of neuropathic pain. It may benefit to consult your doctor and discuss, as these may be related to your earlier problems. In addition, you may need to do nerve conduction studies to look for peripheral neuropathy. You would benefit from pregabalin capsules. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: Recently we moved from S. Fla. to NC and my husband and I have been waking up every day stiff, achy, and barely able to move. Even my hands and feet hurt. We live in a new log home, so it can t be lead paint or old house issues. Any ideas? Wierd that it affects both of us the same way.
output: Hello, Sometimes, neurotransmitters in body act differently with changes of places. This may be due to temperature or weather difference of places. Sometimes this can also occur due to excessive fatigue, deny Chat Doctor.  If it is a recent issue then there is no need to worry. Take some times adjust yourself with new place, take adequate fluid and sun exposure. It will go away in 5-7 days. Meanwhile, you may do warm fomentation to relieve stiffness. If there is intolerable pain then you may have Tylenol for relief. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Please help! i fractured/broke my upper fibula about 6 weeks ago. I thought id be good to go by today but the bone is still healing. The bone though, isn t aligned. It just doesn t look right to me. The doctor says because it s not a weight bearing bone its ok and it will fill in. I need to be back for football and i really would like a 2nd opinion, I wanna make sure it ll heal right. HELP! thank you
output: his your doctor suggests, yes, upper fibula doesn't take part in weight-bearing. It will heal in another 3-4 weeks witChatDoctorplete immobilization of leg. Then you will undergo physiotherapy for few days and shall be back to normal activity and back to football game. Best wishes

input: My 16 year old son has a swollen lymph node behind his ear and recently noticed a lump in his pectoral muscle near the nipple. He also has said he has experienced fatigue during the last few weeks. He is active in baseball so it is difficult to assume if this is all related.
output: Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious disease specialist, answering your concern. The most common cause of the swollen lymph node in India is the tuberculosis. I also suspect the same in your child. For the confirmation of the diagnosis it is necessary that you should do FNAC and ZN staining from the material received. If the test is positive you should also do the TB testing by Inexpert, It is also diagnosed the common resistance pattern and can help you in treatment part. TB treatment have many side effects, please do not discontinue the treatment as it can create resistance pattern in the bacilli. Complete treatment only cures you but also prevents future relapse. I will be happy to answer your further concern you can contact me here, or you can contact me on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.  Thank you, ChatDoctor

input: i fell down a flight of stairs last thursday. my knee swelled bruised and had/has a knot. it is healing. my shoulder on the other hand is hurting more. i have random bruises up my arm and side including my armpit. it was fine as i rested it over the weekend but as i work it is hurting as bad if not worse than the day i fell. oh yeah, i have no insurance....
output: City over the counter pain medication, if this doesn't settle your pain within 24 hours you will need to have that shoulder examined and some X-rays taken to rule out fractures or torn ligaments(tendons)

input: I have been extremely fatigued lately and cannot figure out why. After sleeping 14-15 hours last night, and only being awake for the past 6, I m ready to go to bed already, it is only 7:30pm, and I slept this morning until 1:30pm. I have been very busy lately, I am not anemic and my thyroid is normal. I am on depression medication sertraline and my white blood cell count is off- my doc says I could be still recovering from an illness such as mono, but I am unsure of what could be causing this extreme tiredness. It s preventing me from daily activities.
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor Physical tiredness occur due to multiple reason, but I think in you case, chances of depression is more. Maybe you need a little higher dose of antidepressant to improve the symptoms. You can try few stimulants like modafinil or Ardabil, that would keep you active. Better to consult a psychiatrist for that. These Chat Doctor. Thanks

input: My 1 year old has been having 6 to 8 bowel movements a day for almost 2 weeks and has horrible diaper rash. She was treated successfully for thrush a few months ago, but I don t see any obvious white spots in her mouth. Plus, I don t recall her having frequent BMs the last time.
output: Hello, Your baby having loose stools for 14 days along with diaper rashes is suggestive of lactose intolerance. It is seen in babies that have some infection in their gut due to difficulty in digesting lactose and sugar in milk; this makes them pass stool with acidic pH which leads to diaper rashes. Apply Silver Mini cream or any zinc oxide cream on the affected area after cleaning the area, each time after passing stool. Get a stool examination for pH levels done; reduce and change milk to a low lactose formula. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hi, i have come of the contraception pill 3 months ago and have not had a period since, i have got contant pains as if im about to start my period but nothing happens. i have extremely tender breasts, discharge, lower back pains and abdoman pains, however i have took test after test and all say negative. i need some advice please
output: Dear patient It may take months for normal menses to start after stopping contraceptive pills. Also, all symptoms suggest of normal menstrual period, but you are not getting menses so there might be retention of menses inside uterus. I would advise ultrasound of abdomen to look for uterus and its endometrium.  Please take visit to gynecologist and get yourself examined.  All the best.

input: My mother age 60 yrs having lungs tuberculosis. She took Myrin-P forte for about 18 days then she develope allergices. Dr stops Myrin-P forte and suggest Ethambutol 400 mg 3 tablets daily. But she has fever 101 to 102 and she feels drowsy and often vomits what she eats. Kindly suggest ur opinion/treatment
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. If your mother has allergies for the 4 Chat Doctor. 

input: I have high blood pressure and I was told that my potassium level was low so I bought some potassium gluconate pills today they are 595 mg and I am scared to take them after reading about the side effects. What should I do I have an appt. to see a cardioligist next monday?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your clinical history and query, my opinion is as follows:1. Low potassium can increase blood pressure, however, it is usually not the sole reason. You need to be on antihypertensives with consultation from your doctor.2. Taking potassium tablets is risky. Cardiovascular effects, particularly arrhythmia are dangerous. 3. You can concentrate on improving potassium by improving diet by including items like banana, green leafy vegetables, potatoes, fish, yogurt, mushrooms, etc. Improving potassium will reduce risk of high blood pressure, stroke and cardiovascular disease. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: I have just been told that the cat I was caring for had severe scabies, I developed an itchy rash in the last four days, but I also remember not feeling well and having a low temperature before the rash developed. I am aware that scabies from a cat cannot be passed to a human, so am curious what this itch rash is.
output: HiThis could be an allergic reaction so you can try bena ChatDoctor. 

input: hello any OBGYNE doctors or other doctors knows this question pls answer me thanks.. what is the success rate of to prevent pregnancy when using Nordette as ECP ? when took 4pcs within 60 hrs of unprotected sex then 4pcs after 12 hrs of the 1st dosage. thanks
output: Hello, Thanks for sharing your health concern with us. I have gone through your query and would like to offer my opinion. The efficacy rate of an emergency contraceptive pill depends on the time delay after the intercourse before the pill is used. When the pill is used soon after, the protection offered is 98-99 % while it decreases as time goes by. At 60 hours, the protection offered is around 80-85 %. Corvette is shown to have the same efficacy as any conventional emergency contraceptive pill. Please contact your health care provider for further help. Hope this helps.

input: I have had a cold or virus for 10 days now.  I have had a bad cough and alot of sinus problems.  I was coughing up yellowish flim and I called my Dr. and she perscribed antibotics for me I have been on the antibotics for 6 days.  My sinuses seem better but still have a cough but not as bad.  I do smoke maybe 5/day.  How long will my cough last?
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... If your cough still not improving than digital chest x-ray and spirometry (pulmonary function test done for further work up)To detect causative organism throat swab or sputum collection done and send for culture report ... According to which Chat Doctor. .... You have smoking habit .... So it can lead more cough production ... It is better if you can get rid of smoking habit ....Meanwhile, if trouble some 

input: kinda embarrased here but friday night had sex with my wife was just nomal then got up saturday mourning and i coughed really hard and recieved a excruciating pain in my ribs on left side kinda where the bottom rib area .....since then if i couch or sneeze the pain is severe then subsides after a couple mins . is it possible i have cracked a rib from the cough? the pain isvery intense
output: Thanks for query. It is possible to get ribs fractured, but it is rare. Left chest pain can be due to pleural inflammation, angina, musculoskeletal, gastric ulcers etc. I think you must get a chest X-ray done and an ECG done. Meanwhile, can take antibiotic and analgesic. Best wishes

input: Hi, I m trying to conceive and I have been taking ovulation tests and last week I got a positive (smiley face) ovulation test, then negative the next day, then positive the day after that, and today (1 week later) I got a positive again! what does that mean? why could that be hapenning?
output: Hallow Dear, This dilemma seems to be either due to error in the kits or personal error. Delayed positive test could be due to exceptional additional delayed ovulation from the other ovary. In such confusion, I would advise you to take the help of ultrasonography. Ultrasonographic ovulation monitoring has an edge over the kit:1. It gives visual evidence of ovulation.2. It informs us about the size of the follicle when it ruptured to release egg. Follicles between 18 mm to 21 mm size give best results of pregnancy. 3. It informs about the endometrial thickness also. For successful implantation, at least 10 mm thick endometrium is lucrative. I hope this helps you.

input: Family memeber, 85 and living alone, stopped her dialysis; did not have it on scheduled Saturday, talked to her son, Monday evening, then was found she had died in bed later that evening. Blood appeared in and around her mouth. Could you tell me why the blood? I understand she went peacefully.
output: Sorry to hear about the demise. In patients undergoing dialysis and having stopped there could be multiple reasons for bleeding. These patients have bleeding tendencies, so she might have bled from any ulcer in stomach or esophagus. Or if due to stopping of the dialysis, she might have developed pulmonary hypertension due to accumulation of excessive fluids in lungs and cause bleeding through lungs which might have surfaced during excessive bought of cough containing blood. These could be the main reasons that I think of from what you have told me in your question. Thank you

input: I am a 49 year old female who has been struggling with chronic, extreme fatigue, joint pain, chronic sinus infections, asthma and hives for about 18 months. My eosinophil levels are running about 1600-2000 unless I am on steroids. My IGE levels are also very high. I have had every allergy test imaginable but all are negative. I had sinus surgery a few months ago and felt better as long as I was on the steroids but as soon as I tapered off, all symptoms returned and I am feeling terrible again. Allergist ordered lots of blood tests including some checking for specific mutations but all are normal except the eosinophils and IGEs. He wants to do a bone marrow biopsy, which I have scheduled but am looking for any help on what this could be. Unless I am on steroids, I feel terrible and asthma is hard to control but once I am on them, I feel normail again and the asthma is completely under control
output: It seems you have to continue steroids as there is severe steroid dependent allergy/asthma.you may undergo further tests as advised for more definitive solution

input: I feel I am suffering from a potential anxiety disorder/ADHD. Ive always had panic attacks and the feeling of doom/fear over irrational things, but my problem seems to have gotten worse over the past few months. I find myself experiencing unexplained fear in completely banal places such as travelling on a bus or simply sitting in a lecture. I have also been experiencing nocturnal enuresis (something which I suffered from as a youngster) which surely cannot be helping with the anxiety as it is highly embarrasing! Could you possibly give me some advice?
output: Diagnosis: acute panic attacks with phobia social.treatment:do not worry as your problem is treatable. Tab clonazepam tab fluoxetine tab fluvoxaminetab buspirone. These Chat Doctor. Side by side behavioral therapy. Contact to psychiatrist as these 

input: Hi, my dad (84) has been diagnosed with another bleed on the left side of his brain. He had an annuryism in the same spot 20 years ago and he had surgery to correct the bleed then. He was left paralyzed on the left side. Because of his age we have opted not to have any surgery as he has been through so much in the last 20 years. He has spent 15 yrs in a nursing home. The ER doctor who saw him told us of this second bleed and also that he will die and that all they can do is keep him comfortable. How long do you think my dad will lie like this? The bleed was found on Wednesday of last week. I just do not want him to suffer and he seems to be resting peacefully and even ackowledging us with a nod of his head occassionally. He is holding his own as far as his lungs and heart goes and is passing the fluids that they are giving him now. The only symptom he had to alert us something was wrong was is low oxygen levels and this is why we had him taken to the hospital. Any info you can give us will be greatly appreciated.
output: Hello, You have most of the information that you should know, and you also have absorbed it the way it should have been. Beyond the present supportive care, there is nothing much that may be required for him. A major part of brain his not functioning for him and at such an old age when organ systems start giving in one by one, one can only try to give him peaceful and comfortable existence as long as he pulls on. Good luck.

input: doctor told me that i am severely anemic they gave me some iron tablets but i didnt take that and in its replacement i just drunk beet root s juice 4 hours ago, now i am having fast heartbeat please tell me any home remedy, keeping my situation in eye, i think i cant bear any high mg or iron medicine....i am having chest infection and cough as well as ALSAR. i am 47 years old lady
output: Severe anemia needs urgent treatment. Neither iron tablets nor beet root juice will help you if you have severe anemia. Moreover, if you have ulcer(hope I am taking it correct sense for ALTAR), iron preparations can irritate your digestive system. People with severe anemia, having symptom like faster heart beat, should immediately see a doctor. Take care

input: Hello Doctor,myself Adriza..My height 5ft6inch and my weight 76kg.Im 25yr old..My husband is 28 yr old..Im tring to get pregnent..I had done some of my tests..Like TVS,some hormonal tests also..Reports are normal..but there is a problem in my husband semen analysis..Reports are showing that there is low sperm count..and some of sperm sluggishly motile and most of them are morphologicaly abnormal..so doctor told us for IVF..What are the chances of success in IVF for Us?Is my weight will affect in IVF?And in this IVF  doctor will take sperm from my husband or donar?Please reply me..Im waiting for your reply...
output: Hi, I had gone through your query and understand your concern. Doctor will try for your husbands' semen for IVF and CSI but they may give you option of donor sperm back up also if Your husband semen is not good for CSI that time so be prepared for that also.

input: I am 86 years old and having good health till 4 months back. I got psoriatic Arthratis but it was diagonised late. I lost 4 months and got treated by the doctor with Saaz. But I found it not suitable for me. I lost 2 month for treatment. Now I have been treated with folitrax 15 mg injection and I found it is ok for me. Pl advise how to get strength as I am bed ridden and could not walk properly without support. Also my back joints L4 L5 etc are giving lot of pain. Pl advise remedy.
output: Hello, Low back pain in psoriasis arthritis have different origin. This pain is mostly due to increase in inflammation. In your case two factors are playing role one is your disease & other is your inactivity with your age. In my opinion if you are facing severe problem with low back pain then you may ask from your doctor about intermittent course of low dose steroid. This is very helpful in such cases. Your doctor is the sole person to decide its pros and cons in your age. You should continue or start calcium & vitamin D therapy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have a recurring lump on the back of my neck below my hairlinr and above my shoulders. it hurts to the touch. It seems that every now and again it becomes immflamed and swells which is when it hurts. other times it is smaller but I can still feel it?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. The typical character of the lump you described looks most probably to be an infected sebaceous cyst. Although the infection is mild and recurrent. This does not look to be lipoma. The best way to get a diagnosis is clinical and excision. This helps in 2 ways:1. You get disease free.2 get a definite diagnosis. So please go ahead with the excision-removal.

input: I am taking azithral 500 ,to reduce my pimples on my face as well as my body.I take 1 pill every alternate day will it have any side-affect on me?Can this affect my kidney? Thank you for your time and help.
output: Hi, Watch out for XXXXXWelcome to Chat Doctor, You can take Literal 500 mg daily and not on alternate day for not more than 3-4 days. You can take capsule Doxycycline once a day for 10-15 days instead of Literal. Ok and bye.

input: hi my lft report range are as follow .Iam bit confused regarding the range serum bilirubin(diazo method).....   .93 mg/dldirect                                               .50indirect                                            .43sgot ifcc method                              93.8 iu/lsgpt                                                 148.5 iu/l
output: Hellhole me explain to you that, what is got Sept. In your case serum bilirubin level is normal so need not worry. The aminotransferase is sensitive indicators of LIVER CELL INJURY and are most helpful in recognizing acute hepatocellular disease such as HEPATITIS. They include the aspartame aminotransferase (GOT) and the alpine aminotransfearse (Sept). Sgot is found in liver, cardiac muscle, skeletal muscle, kidney, brain, pancreas, lungs, leukocytes, and erythrocytes in DECREASING disorder of concentration. Sgpt is mainly found in the liver. I want to explain to you that any mild disease or any injury to above-mentioned organs may be responsible for high level of GOT. While primarily Sept is in liver, so any cell injury to liver cells may be responsible for liver disease. But this level is not so high so at present need not worry, if you didn't have any other symptoms. Keep regular watch over liver function tests and symptoms. Besides avoid wine, Chat Doctor. Still if you have any doubt get in MRI and ultrasound of liver. Consult a physician and get his opinion as physical examination is also important. Good luck.

input: Hello Doc. I am currently taking meloxicam, and was wondering, can I take tylenol for my muscle pain? I take a half of my meloxicam as needed and the last time I took one was this morning. I ve been having muscle pain on my left side about a week now and I am trying determine my pain level. Arlene
output: Hello, I have studied your case. Yes you can take Tylenol for muscle pain. Be aware of side effects of Tylenol. Side effects such as dizziness, Chat Doctor.  You can take other opioid analgesic if pain persist for few days. Opioids may have other side effects. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: Me and my gf were fooling around i had gotten cum on my to stop from cuming in her after i pulled out. After i washed my hands with soap and water. About an our later we fooled around again. Could she get pregnant even after i washed the cum my hands?
output: Hi their have understood your concern. If you had this unprotected sex act in the fertile period of her cycle then she should take emergency contraceptive pills within 72 hours of unprotected sex act. As you might be aware that pre ejaculation fluid contains sperms enough to cause pregnancy. And it gets deposited without you noticing it. So even if you pull out before ejaculation, it is not a safe sex. It is not due to washed hands but due to pull out method, she stands chance to get pregnant. I hope this answer helps you. Thansk.

input: I had a gastroscopy and was diagnosed with the beginning of stomach ulcers , I was put onto a 2 week course of antibiotics (Moxypen & Klarithran) which I m still taking as well as Topzole, for the last 3 days I have had severe swelling of my ankles and feet and even my eyelids are swollen and I feel flushed all the time, could there be a relation between the symptoms and the medication??
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. I am Chat Doctor. The swelling you have in the ankles, feet and around the eyelids is not related to the stomach ulcers or the medications you take. Swelling like these occurs due to either heart, liver or kidney diseases. Puffiness around the eyes usually occurs in kidney disease. You need to get tests done to see which of these organs is affected causing the swelling of the ankle, feet and around eyes. I hope that answers your question.

input: I m on sprintec for few months. I never missed a pill and I always take it on time?But the other day I missed then I took two pills yesterday with one hour in between. Today I took my dose about 2 hours and 10 minutes late. I had sex tonight. Is there any chance to be pregnant? WWW.WWWW.WW
output: Hello, Thanks for your query.sprinter is used to prevent ovulation. As you missed one dose and compensated it next day by taking 2 pills. Though you have taken your dose little late but still you have same chances of pregnancy when you use pills promptly/regularly.  So don't worry and read carefully instructions provided with your medicine. If you miss one active pill, take two pills on the day that you remember. Then take one pill per day for the rest of the pack. If you miss two active pills in a row in Week 1 or 2, take two pills per day for two days in a row. Then take one pill per day for the rest of the pack. Use back-up birth control for at least 7 days following the missed pills. Hope it helps. Take care!

input: Hello, I am late, my aprox. cycle is 31days. My last period was 03/22 and i was supposed get it this month around 21 or 22nd, today is 04/25 and usually i get period symptoms, my breasts get tender and very sensitive, i get cramps and back pain usually and mostly a week before my period, this time i did not have nay symptoms. Lately for the past week i ve been feeling very sleepy, been taking naps every day almost, some cramp like feelings but mostly bloated feeling as well. I get headaches that i usually don t get all the time, and i ve been very moody my husband said. I took a test 2 days before my period was due and it was a negative, i took a test yesterday 04/24 and it was still negative. Not sure on what to go on by here, my husband and i are trying to have a baby but i have not been feeling like this. No un-normal stress in my life, pretty calm. I am just worried, do i wait for my period to see if it ll come till end of this month and then go to the doctor for a blood test, or....im lost. Please Help! Thank you. Amy
output: Hi there. Delayed periods with cramps could be due to Endometriosis or Adenomyosis and associated hormonal disturbance. You need to get an Ultrasound done and also hormonal assays of FSH, LH, Estrogen and Progesterone. This will give a clear picture of the problem and the appropriate treatment. Take Tablet Metal spas if you have a lot of cramps.

input: Diagnosed in er with kidney infection last Thursday. Gave Iv antibiotics (levoquin?), fluids pain meds, and meds for nausea. Came home taking oral antibiotic, Vicodin, and I have been throwing up and severe left flank pain continues. My right hand just started trembling.  How long before I should go back to dr
output: It takes 24 to 48 hours for an antibiotic to start its effect. If the symptoms are severe you should go to hospital otherwise you should take the medications along with antiemetic still then

input: i am taking glycomate sr igram at night before meal. my fasting sugar was 150-160 range before medication and PP was 170-180. i have strict diet control. after taking medicine for one & 1/2 months now i am feeling sleepy which i do not had earlier. presently my Fastinf sugar is 129-141 anf PP is 140-150. si do Yoga for i/2 hrs, walking for 20 minutes and Gym foe 15 minutes daily. Should i stop medicine.D .mitra age 55 ,male,kolkata india
output: Hi Mr. Mira, As you have not mentioned the duration of your Diabetes specifically, let by your narration my interpretation is you have recently detected Diabetes diabetes approximately one and half month back. You have started on Glycogen Sr 1 gm before dinner, along with you are doing yoga, gym, walk regularly diet control. With all these efforts your blood sugar levels are fairly controlled. I would like to advise_1. Strictly follow Diabetic diet regularly. 2. Continue yoga, gym, walk regularly. 3. Continue Tab Glycogen Sr 1gm after dinner. In fact, you can increase the dose up to 1.5 gm and over another 15 days to 2 gm total per day in divided doses preferred to take after meals. (effective dose is approximately 1.75 gm per day) As this medicine rarely decreases blood sugar levels below normal level (rarely causes hypoglycemia) This medicine act on basic pathology of diabetes called insulin resistance. As Diabetes is lifelong disease, as duration of diabetes increases there may need of additional medicines. 4. You have not mentioned your height and weight so that you should target weight loss according to your height. 5. Certain blood test are important like lipid profile, serum creatinine, HbA1C which denote blood sugar level over period of approximately 120 days. Urinary protein creatinine ratio, Endoscopy to rule out diabetic retinopathy. 6. You should also start medicine for lowering lipids despite your lipid level, if it is in normal range start in basic dose and if in higher doses according to lipid level. 7. Also, regular BP checking

input: My mother is having lightheadiness and heart palpitations and sometimes her hear races. This has been over the last few days. She just checked her blood pressure and it is normal and her pulse rate is 72. Could she still have a heart attack with normal blood pressure and pulse rate? Thanks, Kelli
output: Hi, Lightheadedness associated with palpitations can be caused by irregularities in heart rhythm.  Heart rate and blood pressure can be normal in these cases, but it is important to know what her heart rhythm is, and what is usually done is an ECG which documents the electrical activity of the heart. It may not be a "heart attack" per se, but it is noteworthy that she may undergo tests as part of the work-up.  And I would suggest a consult with a doctor to be able to check other causes of dizziness such as a musculoskeletal problem in the neck, as well as problems in the eyes and ears which may cause dizziness, apart from a problem in the heart. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Sir, I am subhrankar 23-years-old male. last 8-9 months i have some fungal infection , i have consult with homeopathy and alopathy doctor and take treatment but still i have the infection. not compleately remove. i need total relife, please help me.
output: Hi, Thanks for query, Local application of antifungal cream is not enough to treat fungal infection. Take oral tab. Fluconazole 150 mg once in a week for 4 weeks. Keep local hygiene Chat Doctor. If no improvement then consult dermatologist for diagnosis. Ok and bye.

input: I had an eosophagectomy open surgery 2 years ago developed a hole was tube fed for 6 weeks also dvts in my left groin area have been left with a stricture that needs disputation roughly evey six months I now have developed gall stones and have had several bouts of cholosistus also had ct scan done recently and it has confirmed a inscitional hital hernia ,question do you think my surgeon would or should consider a duel surgery, cholostectomy and hernia repair she has indicated that any surgery will again be open thus my concern to get these two problems sorted at one time can this be done regards kat
output: Thank you for posting your query. Yes, if no other complication, both surgeries maybe done at the sometime., one after the other. That is possible and should be considered. Wish you speedy recovery and good health. Hope to answer your question. Health professionals diagnose and suggest means of treatment. Cure resides with the ONE who created us. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I had a Micro D and laminectomy 7 months ago for l5s1 herniation with bone fragment the size of thumb nail under the nerve root. Radiculopathy still present and pain level is a 7. I am currently on 2400mg a day neurotin and baclofen 3 times daily and lortab. at 5months post op my neurosurgeon had me do a series of three selective nerve blocks at l5 they were done 2 weeks apart I have constant back pain and sciatica down my left leg a hips ache very bad even with the nerve blocks they did not help. My surgeon did another mri at 2 months post op and states that my nerves were very inflamed but he did not see a re herniation. would this be considered a failed back surgery.
output: dear friendits too early to declare such a  ChatDoctor. 

input: I am 27 years old female. I am having right lower abdominal pain for past 2 years. The pain goes away after taking a course of antibiotics but reoccurs after some time. In the beginning the frequency of reoccurance was after 4 to 6 months, but now its occuring again and again within 15 to 20 days. I have the following symptoms. C1)fatigue, Feeling discomfort and tired always2)nausea always. Sensation is more after few minutes of food intake3)severe pain in lower right abdomen4)feeling burning pain in all over the abdomenal area5)Getting constipation for few days and then loose motion for few days Have done abdomincal scan and showed results as1)Left renal stone2)Minimal fluid in cul de sac Have done blood, urine and stool tests and reports showed these1)Haemoglobin is low2)ESR is high - 343)Showed pus cells in stool, occassional and stool is brown in color.4)showed 1-2 leucocytes and 2-3 epithelial cells in urineMenstrual periods  regular(30-32
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. From your history, and ultrasound report of fluid in the cul-de-sac, I would suspect you to be having a PID (pelvic inflammatory disease) which might also be associated with a UTI (urinary tract infection), which had to be ruled out by a culture and sensitivity test. If I were your doctor, I after a general physical examination of yours would advise you to get yourself assessed by a gynecologist of your area to rule this out specially if you are sexually active. Till then, I would advise you for a course of broad spectrum antibiotics along with an anti inflammatory and a proton pump inhibitor for a symptomatic relief. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Respected Sir,My name is Nishanth singh gurung. I have undergone a root canal treatment 8 months back. One of my teeths in the bottom section is growing at 70% angle outwards. It is causing a problem in the gums. I always feel some sensitivity there and not able to study properly. Please tell me what i have to do. Its urgent
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The sensitivity in the tooth can be because of the cervical abrasion(Wearing away of tooth structure) since it is in an abnormal position, more force will be applied when you brush. The other possible cause can be a dental caries in between the teeth. So consult an oral physician and get it evaluated and take a radiograph to confirm the diagnosis. If the tooth is a wisdom tooth, then get it removed. If it is some other tooth, you can get it restored a cement material. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: I have thrown up twice today. I noticed after the first time that my legs from my knees up to my lower back became very achy, especially in my front upper thigh. Could this just be from the force of throwing up? What can I do to ease the pain? It hurts more than my stomach. Also, I feel like I have a low grade fever because I keep getting chills n then hot again.
output: U might be having some sort of lumbar disc problem which causes pain in legs due to nerve compression. . An LS spine MRI what b helpful Thanks

input: Hi, I m 38 years old and due to a gun shot through the roof of my mouth.I have worn a partial for years. I m 5 1 amd 91 lbs always been very small child like. I had full dentures put in yesterday and they huge! I m gagging,cant close my mouth,color is very dark,and teeth are like hores teeth. I m horrified. I have called him and he said the will fit when I grow into them. I don t think I m going to be doing anymore of that. What to do? He pulled what 10 teeth I had left now nothing and owe him over 5,000$. Help PLEASE
output: Hi, Thank you for the query.  First thing is you cannot wear a denture which is bigger than the size of our palate. Definitely you will have a gag reflex as the over extension of the denture is into the soft palate area leading to gag reflexes. Coming to the growth part, you are already 38yrs old, at this age there won't be any growth in your body parts. Only thing what can be done is asked your dentist to prepare another set of dentures which are of your size not huge and size of the teeth should be reduced, and your occlusion should be checked thoroughly and extensions of the dentures are important so that you won't end up in gag reflexes anymore. Best thing is to see a prosthodontist. Hope this information will help you. Take care.

input: I had surgery to fuse L4,L5 and S1 9 moths ago and I am experiencing pain in my lower back right side radiating around and into my groin. I had 3 steroid injections in my hip because a recent mri showed a tear in my hip socket. My orthopedist said it was nothing more than burcitis and that the pain I was having was to do with my back. My neuro surgeon say the fusion is fine and healing well. What would you advise
output: Hello, I have studied your case. You may need to do MRI spine again to see for nerve compression Due to compression of this nerve root there is tingling numbness in your leg and pain associated with it. If there is instability then fusion with fixation may help. As per your previous surgery of spine now there is possibility of discuss, which can be confirmed by MRI with contrast or CT pyelogram. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and TENS therapy will help will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. If you find this answer helpful do not hesitate to rate this answer at end of discussion. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: Hi, I m using shades like lipsticks , gloss, lips balm for more than 5 yrs,....but for past one year, m getting allergie to those products...I seriouly don t know the reason which is making my lips itch & irritate...now-a-days whenever m using lip shades, it will automatically cause my lips & lipline - dry , itch and irritates....so stop to use lipshades and switch on to use lip balm, since lips became very dry if m not applying any mositure on it ..[ Using products are Lakme & Lotus ]...Previously i don t have this kind of problem...Only recently it is causing....Can anyone assist me the cause of my problem... Thanks.
output: Hi, welcome to the Chat Doctor forum, the complaints which you mentioned is called as contact dermatitis or chemical irritant dermatitis, it has an allergic component, since you are getting this for the past 1 year it signifies that your immunity which prevents from getting this kind of allergies is getting down to lower levels, I suspect you are under some kind of tremendous stress either financial or mental which is causing this type of hypersensitivity in you, this is absolutely curable with special homeopatChatDoctoredicines.... get well soon ! You can contact me on Chat Doctor. Com

input: Hi my name is zainab I have two kids already girls ages 4&8 . I have been trying to get pregnant for almost 4 yrs now but nothing yet. I was using the IUCD which I have removed and been trying for almost a year but nothing yet. I am still having my regular monthly periods any suggestion or help kindly assist
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to us.  In my opinion you should consult a gynecologist and get your examination and investigation to rule out that everything is fine.  Your husband test is also very important.  Wait for some more time.  Good luck.  Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi sir,my daughter is 4 yrs old and we have been to india last year for christmas and came back on january 13th 2011,right from then my child started spiking a fever. it happens about every three weeks to 1 month. she will be fine in the day, playing, going to school, the only thing is she says her belly is sore but doesn t complain too much. then when it comes to about 5pm she deteriorates very quickly. becomes very lethargic, sleeping, crying but not knowing whats wrong, shivering. her temperature goes up. this usually only lasts that one night and by the next day she s almost as normal...for another few weeks.
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your daughter have symptoms of frequent fever and shivering which seems to be due to poor immunity of body which making your child susceptible to infections. Well this is something you should be concerned about as it could be due to underlying systemic pathology. Need not worry. I would suggest you to visit pediatrician once and get it examined. You should go for complete blood count and urinalysis done to detect level of infection and find out any systemic pathology. Start treatment after proper diagnosis. Till then take Ibuprofen/ Acetaminophen.  Chat Doctor.  You should do tepid sponging if fever is of high intensity. Take diet rich in multivitamins. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: Hello I have bee severely depressed f or eight months, anxiety anger,guilt fear ,I have been taking Zoloft and gabapentin it seems to agitate me more,I used to take Ativan for many years and narcotics for severe pain relating to several bad fusions and a titanium plate,been t several doctors at emerg and walk in clinic who no longer will prescribe my old regular medications to cope,I moved from my home town and the confusion ,frustration,accusations began, five years ago,now iam sixty alone and afraid of what would happen should I be hospitalized, trazodoned, or something worse and disappear as a vegetable,I ve been to mental health who gave me ability to no avail.i have been on cilopran and others no changei have along history of fibromyalgia low thyroid headaches and never feel rested and secure,I live in canada and resources and options are limited, frightened I,ve been treated horrifacly a few times and afraid of what they will do ,or prescribe.d o you have any enlightening advice.my world is crashing in losing everything that was once dear and necessary,all because I moved and left my home where I was safe but can,t goback now. Any illuminating thoughts .?go
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I am not so happy to read your thoughts. You are 60 and you have life experiences. Every incident in our life, whether negative or positive, teaches us a positive lesson. In that sense whatever happened us is supposedly taught us a lesson for our future. We live today. Not in yesterday. There is no surety that the same thing will happen again. So approach future with positive might, because THERE IS NO ALTERNATIVE. If you are apprehensive about your future, you also lose your TODAY. I am not overlooking your illnesses. You are supposed to have learned by now, what are your problems and started living according to the situations. Once you start adjusting with the problems, cure starts. Forget medicines, concentrate on life. Psychotherapy is the answer. Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have heel blisters, that I am trying to let reabsorb, there are white floating objects underneath, what are these? Also, prior to the blisters, I have been having numbness and pain at the back of the heels, it started with a mal fitting pair of sneakers, but that was months ago and I only wore them once.
output: Hi I did understand your concern. Your lesion may be a reaction to the new shoes and that can cause such problems. The blisters will slowly heal on their own. You can apply Luke warm fomentation on it with a clean cloth and if they burst apply an antibiotic Chat Doctor. In view of severe pain please consult doctor. Numbness and pain over heel can be due to diabetes, electrolyte imbalance or due to nutritional deficiency or Achilles tendinitis and planter fasciitis would recommend you to get evaluated for these lesions step by step as each have different treatment.I hope this yellowish you all the best thank you for using Chat Doctor. I hope this helps

input: I just had an MRI on thursday, Ive had many MRIs in the last 10 years but this was my first experience in a 3.0 Tesla imaging unit. I have relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis and am on Tysabri as my disease modifying drug, I have tested positive for the JC virus {papovavirus} and so my MRIs are to watch out for possible signs of PML.  My head has been pounding off and on since thursday and I was wondering if this is common in higher Tesla MRIs.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is possible to get headaches after 3.0 Tesla MRI and several of my patients have also complained about that earlier to me. I am not sure of the exact reason, but may be related to noise or higher magnetic field. It settles down in a few days. Wishing you a favorable MRI report. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: this is the first day of root canal, after coming back from doctors clinic once the initial sensation started i have unbearable pain , i have taken Katrol DT and dic+paracetamol tab together but no releif kindly suggest its 2 AM night and i dont know what to do
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query...the pain could be because of the tooth infection.the analgesics you are taking is enough for the pain to come down, but you have to take a course of antibiotic like penicillin and metronidazole...if the pain is unbearable then you can take intramuscular injection of an analgesic. I hope injection is not required.just take the analgesics what you are taking and consult your dentist in the morning... I hope my answer will help you.take care.

input: My father in law whois 84yrs of age was rushed into hospital with pains in his abdomen last week, he is being treated for gallstones. When we visited he had a drain attached. he was discharging fluid which was a dark brown? He now has the nor virus so we cannot visit. Is this serious? Thank you
output: Hello welcome to ChatDoctornoro virus infections are not so serious as you think. These infections occur mostly in crowded places like hospitals, nursing homes, schools. In most of the patients it gets cured unless it has complications like severe deny Chat Doctor.  It is highly contagious infection. Close contact with patient can also spread the infection. Hope I have answered your question, if you have further questions I will be happy to help.

input: hai docter.am zainab.i got married 1 year before.am not getting pregnant.my periods are regular.i and my husband done hormonal test n semen count test.i also done hsg test.everything normal.my family docter suggest me to take such tablets are ovasafe...ccq 100...fertisule...please give me some suggestion to get pregnant....thank you...
output: Hello, I have gone through your query and understood your concerns. You need to have coitus in between 14th day to 21st day of your menstrual cycle as that is the period for fertilization. As every report of yours came back normal no need to worry much about this. Along with the above suggestion that I gave you ova safe will help you to get pregnant. Thank you.

input: ive been having pelvic pain on n off, sometimes real sharp. discomfort during and after intercourse. kinda feels like ovulation but double pain and several times a week. oh and im runnig several days late for my period,took ept also not sure if its connected but i get light headed too.
output: Hello, This could be caused by an infection, ectopic pregnancy or ovarian cyst. You need to see a doctor for an exam and some testing to sort out the cause. Infection and ectopic pregnancy could be serious. Do not delayRegards

input: Hifenac mr tablet was taken by my wife age 29 due to the pain in her lower waist , the reason is i suppose body cramp due to a massage by a proffesional.now she is suffering a severe pain in her waist and could not able to move and walk. should i go for a injection,pain killer or any spray pain relief ?
output: Hello, As you are already taking tablet Higher MR still she has severe pain and not able to walk, so I think you should consult with orthopedic for detailed examination. I will advise you today to do x-ray lower back and hip joint after orthopedic opinion. Now, along with Higher MR, you can use Voting spray or apply diclofenac gel. If still symptoms not relieved, I will advise MRI after Orthopedic consultation. I think you are suffering from severe muscle spasm or may possibility of nerve injury, but we have to confirm that. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: For months my back has been hurting and I thought it was just a muscle strain. When it continued past four months it became more intense and difficult now to turn over in my sleep. It is worse at night then during the day when I am in movement. Today though the pain has gone up my back and making it harder to take a breath without a minor amount of pain. I don t have insurance, it s too expensive for this hard-working independent, American woman. Help!
output: Hello, Thank you for using Chat Doctor. I read your question and understood your concern. This is back pain probably for fiscal hernia or discuss that may need examinations such as MRI etc. In your condition since you do not have any insurance and can not do these examinations, I would recommend starting some exercises at home to strengthen your core muscle, back and abdominal. You can do these exercises in home and do not even need to go in gym. It will need at least 3 months to see and effect but stick with it. I wish you quick recovery.

input: Hi, Can you please give me some advice. My mother recently passed away as a result of a brain aneurysm and as a result my sister and I asked our respective GPs to have us scanned. My mothers was detected yet untreated for 2 years. I have been advised after a CT scan that I also have one. I have been advised to wait for weeks for an appointment.
output: Hello and welcome to" Ask a Doctor" service. I have read your query and here is my advice. Controlling blood pressure is essential. So, if you maintain normal blood pressure, risks are minimal. Hope this helps. Feel free to ask if you have further questions.

input: I found out my ex has hpv we had unprotected sex a few times! I don t have a rash or series of warts but 1 small bump on my penis that I continually think is a wart cause ive had it foir over a year as far as I can remember! Should I worry or see a doctor?
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum If its present for more than a year then it is possible that it is a wart/growth. Human papillomavirus can cause warts when infected.  So, do not hesitate & please visit your doctor for examinations & investigations.  All the best.

input: my child 5month old has redness and swelling (due to insect bite which insect is unknown) a dermatologists suggested to use elocon cream how safe is it for the baby and how long should i leave the cream on especially there is swelling on his head(is it safe to apply there)
output: Hi... I understand your concern. Elton is a mild steroid and if your dermatologist has prescribed it he would have got a good reason in doing so. But as it is a steroid I suggest you to apply it not more than a week as steroid can get systemically absorbed. Regards - 

input: My son has 3 circular red spots along his spine, roughtly the size of a dime. They re flat with one having a dark center even. During his bath they seem tender and he scratches at them. They re on his lower back where his diaper and pants sit, but he s never had spots like this before and I haven t changed detergent or anything. he doesn t sleep with hard toys and as far as I know hasn t fallen. Should I take him in to his doctor?
output: Hello, Skin conditions are best diagnosed and treated after seeing them directly. May I request you to upload some images of the same so that I can see and guide you better. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi I have noticed a sizeable but painless lump on my right calf muscle, I have been suffering a lot with restless legs lately and put it down to my recent pregnancy but now I have noticed this lump and I feel generally tired and just not myself? Any ideas what this could be? I am 29, 5 7 and 12 and a half stone, I smoke and have used the contraceptive pill since I was 15.
output: Hi, dear You have lump on calf muscle.  It can be ganglion cyst or some soft tissue tumor.  You should go for ultrasound study to know exact location and origin of lump.  If needed go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi, im a 27 yr old female and over the past 2 yrs i have been getting left sided chest pain, and pain in my left rib that also radiates to the back. my 3rd rib is protruding as thats what my doctor said. i feel breathless n i get skipped hb everyime i get pain in that rib. I have had x rays done but everything seems normal.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Mild Breathlessness, skipped heart beat, left sided chest pain etc. can be seen in arrhythmia (rhythm disturbances in heart). So first get done ECG, 2d echo and Holder monitoring (24 hours continuous recording of ECG). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. In my opinion, your pain is mostly due to musculoskeletal cause. So avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid bad postures in sleep. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Take painkiller like ibuprofen. Sit with proper back and chest support. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: my 4 year old daughter has had a low grade fever which has spiked usually in the afternoons for 4 days, reaching only 100.5 so our doctor wouldn t see us. She has also had loose stools, some cramping in her stomach, congestion both in her chest and in her nose and a runny nose. Today I noticed a small blister in the corner of her mouth that looks like Herpes. A friend of hers has outbreaks on her mouth all the time that look like Herpes, but all over her mouth and I work very hard to monitor their play. This also seems to be symptoms of hand foot mouth disease except she doesn t have the rash on her feet and hands, only the blister on her mouth. Any thoughts as to what may be going on? There has been no change in appetite or energy level.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Hi Doctor, I am having a mild chest pain on the left side. It is almost 1 inch above diaphragm. Similar pain is also on the backside exactly opposite to the front side. I am having this mild pain from past 2 days. Its continuous most of the times and sometimes its not there. It mostly increases in the evening and is very less in morning and afternoon. I am 26 years old man with absolutely no family history of any cardiac disorders. My weight is 62 Kg and height 56. I dont take alcohol and no smoking and drugs.
output: Hello dear, welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems in relation with intercostal muscle, ligament or neurovascular bundle related issue. Hope this clears your query. Regards.

input: I ve been feeling like my head isnt working the same. Its like now I have to concentrate so much harder, alot of the time I cannot comprehend what my teachers ask me and I feel so dumb. I ve been having alot of tension in my neck and ontop of my head. I ve been really tired all the time - my spine feels foggy when I wake up, and my eyes always feel tired. My hands are always cold . People think its weird cause they would feel fine. My appetite is normalish. I only eat when I m hungry which is in the evening.
output: You are suffering from-Anxiety Depression. You should breathe exercise daily and jogging. You also require mild dose of S.S.R.I.(antidepressant) anxiolytic-clonazepam.

input: I have sciatica pain from a hip reconstruction I had in 2002.  Now Im experiencing weakness when lifting my arms.  FAcial numbess,  mostly on left side but feel a little on right.  Legs are almost numb from knee down, it does travel up my left leg.  Feet numb and tingling too.  My head is almost kinda numb and I cant think straight.  Dizzy on and off.  I feel sick to my stomach. Please help.Thank you, Nancy
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. The history is suggestive of Peripheral Neuropathy You need to visit a Neurologist and undergo Clinical Examination of ReflexesExamination of Sensory System Nerve Conduction Studies After that we can treat and try to cure you at the earliest Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask

input: Hello docs n experts, Since yesterday I m ejaculating red semen. I noticed it yesterday while masturbating, even today I seen same thing when I was trying to confirm was it a normal one day case or a serious issue. Now I think it is a serious problem for me. Please help me.
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have got Haematospermia (Blood in semen) noticed after masturbation. This is mostly due to trivial injury to urethra due to rough vigorous shaking of your erected penis. Please get Ultrasound Scanning of the penis done to rule out any major injury. You need to take broad spectrum antibiotic like eferin along with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Ensure to 

input: I take effexor XR 75 mg once a day. I have no appetite ever. Sometimes i go days without eating and don t even realize it. When i eat, i never want to be eating. Its like im just doing it because i have to. Food never sounds good. Also, i ve noticed i feel almost no emotion. Im always in a generally good mood... but when something tragic happens its like im completely immune to it. I feel no sadness. I feel no fear, no worry. When it comes to relationships.... i can take it or leave it. When me and my girlfriend of four years broke up.... She was devastated. Crying, saying how hard it was emotionally. I felt nothing. I haven t cried or even came close to crying in a very long time. Why is this happening? Is this normal?
output: Hi Cablejm2 ! You are taking Effector for your depression. Now this medicine give you depression. If you're taking this medicine for long time, do ask for change, cause like other psychotic Chat Doctor.  This medicine made you emotionless, so you can deal with life situation. Now take the advantage leave this medicine, do exercise and make hobbies and live your life. And don't leave medicine at once give gap gradually. And get out of this medicine trap. See you again bye.

input: Im 35.5 weeks pregnant and just the past 2 days i have been experiencing menstrual like cramps some really bad. I dont think there is any pattern at all yet. I also have a dull back ache as well. most of these symptoms happen at night but yesterday was all through the day. I have been feeling pressure downstairs almost as if the baby is pushing downwards. Should i be at all concerned?
output: Hi, It seems that there might be having engaged head in the uterus producing this type of pain and feeling of baby pushing downwards. As pain is not typical of labor pain like intermittent with regular interval, labor pain is less likely. If problem persisted, consult your Oust and get examined. Ok and take care.

input: I m 33 weeks pregnant, and have been feeling really unconfortable. Sometimes when I sit down it hurts or when I try to stand. It even hurts sometimes when I m laying down and go to roll over. It like sharp jabs of pain along my sides and under my belly. Is this normal?
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion the pain abdomen can be due to various reasons like preterm pains, muscle cramps etc. It needs physical examination to rule out the cause. In case of any preterm pains there can be cervical changes. You might need complete urine examination to rule out any infection. Nothing to worry. It will subside with spontaneous treatment. Avoid stress. Take adequate fluids up to 2-3 liters per day. Best regards...

input: hi, my two year old daughter has started scratching her private area and when i looked to see why she is scratching i noticed her vagina is red and swollen and it was bleeding slightly due to her scratching so hard. do you know what it is from? and what can i do to help relieve the itching?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor Dear parent Itchy vagina in young girls can be due to 1.worm infestation. The infested worms easily travel from anus to vagina2. Fungal infection of diaper area. Treatment1.worm infestation by single dose of Levimazole2. Fungal infection can be treated by topical antifungal like clotrimazole mixed with 1% HY Chat Doctor. 

input: my 14 year old son fainted at school on Monday and afterwards he couldnt move his arms initially he had been watching a documentary on blood vessels in Science when this happened taken to dr who wasn t overly concerned should I be taking him to see someone else
output: Thanks for asking. I have gone through your question and I understand your concern. Your 14-year-old son fainted in school while watching a documentary on blood vessel. From information given by you, I am able to understand that he said he was not able to move his arms on but afterwards he is able to move. Chil Chat Doctor.  There is nothing to worry or I don't think there is no need to take your child to some other doctor.  It is normal adolescents hope I answered your question

input: Why do I wake up with my arm or arms in the air?  sometimes they fall and I hit my husband who gets mad.  Is this a neurological issue as Ive had 7 operations on my neck and back?  Is it due to med I take for pain or depression?  Stress induced?  Any ideas to stop this behavior? Thank you so very much for any input you may have.
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. It could be a type of parasomnias, but they are not to be bothered. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: hello doc,         i have 2 pimple like elevation of skin near by scotrum on left hand side and it is kind of mountain shape its been a month and totaly painless just notice one month back though i did try burst it but could not as it was to hard to burst but there was one time i could able to burst it when it was big and there was blood and then very small sticky puss type stuff and then the size pimple did reduce greatly now it is back to normal size and i guess it is going away slowly. but while i was curious about this pimple there was a pimple on penis too which was very different just like on face and i did break it and it went away in 3 days. what all this could be any kind of STD
output: Hi, If you had recent unprotected sex need to think of sexually transmitted infection. If not it can be a simple abscess or pimple due to infection. The local antibiotic application will help you. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi docter i am releasing my sperm 6 times in a day in sex time, my age is 22, but sometime i do hand practice for 10 time in a week , is there is any problem , is there any effect occur on health or not , in how many days sperm regenerated or get ready for sex in our body , what we eat to...
output: Hi, Frequent masturbation at short interval do not cause any harm. Just, be calm and cool. And do not have any recentness. There is no effect on health unless you become tense after the masturbation. Take healthy and nutritional food. I hope you got my answer. Thanks.

input: I had a small tumor removed from my bladder yesterday at a hospital 60 miles away. This afternoon I started having blood in my urine. Late today i had another bladder full of blood and after urinating, followed by  a warm flush sensation which took an hour to diminish. I estimate I have bleed about 3 or 4 ounces of blood. Waiting to see if it is less or more next time or should I be calling 911 now to take me to the local ER where there isnt a qualified Urologist available... e-mail    YYYY@YYYY
output: NamasteWelcome to ChatDoctorGreetings of the dayroom the description given by you, you seem to have clot retention in bladder, bladder is not able to completely evacuate and bleeding from the tumor site may be going on. Would suggest you to call up your emergency number, you require a bladder wash which help solve your problem. A qualified physician is capable of attending to it. I hope it helped back to me if you have any other overtake disregards Chat Doctor. 

input: my five year old grandson came home from preshool last week headache and threw up. took him to dr. said maybe allergies. this week more headaches and 1 vomiting episode. Mother says also this week he waking up crying with leg pain and also itchy soles of his feet. , be?
output: The symptoms seem to point to a flu-like illness, which is caused by a virus, either the influenza virus or a related respiratory virus. Give him rest, plenty of fluids, warm chicken soup, light food and paracetamol for the pain. 

input: my mom takes spironolactone med due to her current heart problem. This med was priscriber by MD in Ethiopia and she is hear in USA. The Dr. here is doing a lot of test but in the mean time she is running out of this med. So if she stop this med what is the risk?
output: Brief Answer:There are no risks from the interruption of Spironolactone, while her blood pressure values are normal. Detailed Answer:Hello, Thank you for using Chat Doctor. There are no risks from the interruption of Spironolactone, while her blood pressure is not higher than the normal. Spironolactone can be stooped immediately without any problem. Meantime your mother should monitor strictly her blood pressure values at least three times a day. If the values are higher than 140/90 mmHg, than she should refer this to the treating doctor, in way to prescribe any other antihypertensive Chat Doctor. Hope this is helpful. Let me know if you need more clarifications. Otherwise, please close and rate the answer. Kind 

input: Woke up with a discoloration on my left hand and some swelling around my middle finger . Now it looks like I have a huge bruise on my hand from knuckle on my middle finger to whole back of hand to the wrist . I do not remember hitting it on anything. I was lifting a canoe while I was camping a few days ago. I am on blood pressure medication and one half of a water pill plus baby aspirin .This is because I only have one functioning kidney due to chemo damage to my left kidney
output: Hi, Please get the renal function tests done and if it is normal you need not worry about having single kidney. Usually the remaining kidney compensate for the other non-functioning kidney. The bruise might be because of aspirin. However you have to consult your physician for definitive diagnosis. Take care not to take too many analgesics without prescription as they will have adverse effect on kidneys. Regularly monitor your kidney function. Regards

input: :) hey i got a question .. so yeah i had a root canal on one tooth and  being lazy i forgot to get the permanent filling and as time passed my tooth fell out .. so my question is .. Can i still get infection there even if i had a root canal and forgot to get the filling and my tooth fell out ??
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The chances of root canal treated tooth getting infected is very less unless it is not properly treated. The fell out tooth structure could be only the crown portion. The Root canal treated tooth becomes weak after RCT, so it has to be crowned immediately. Now the roots might be remaining with in the bone. Consult an oral physician and get a radiograph to rule out the presence of root piece. If root is there then get it removed. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: hello docter.... my baby girl of 1 year 9 months has been getting hives for the last 2 months... usually after she gets up in the morning n after a afternoon nap.. allergy testing done showed she is allergic to milk. so we have stopped it and giving her isomil. but still ni improvement. she requires to be given allerid once a day otherwise the patches increase. what to do? worried abt giving allerid on a long term basis.
output: Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your daughters history and would like to make suggestions for her as follows:1. I would like to know more about her milk allergy symptoms. How was milk allergy diagnosed? If she is really allergic to milk, taking any milk product (be it curd, buttermilk, butter, milk biscuits, milk chocolates, etc.) can cause her allergic reactions.2. If she is not taking any milk products and still she develops allergic reactions, I would suggest allergy testing for other foods such as soy, ground nut, wheat, rice, egg, seafoods, tree nuts, etc. This will help you to identify the allergy, if any.3. Hives can occur even without allergies. Possible causes are viral infections, bacterial infections, parasites, Chat Doctor. 4. As she is getting hives since 2 months, I usually suggest my such patients investigations like serum total IGE, allergy testing for common allergens, complete blood counts, ESR, stool examination, urine examination, etc. However, before suggesting investigations, I always take a detailed history about her each and every symptom, diet, environment, 

input: I was just diagnosed with multiple organ cancer...nodules in peritoneum cavity, liver, bowel,uterus,lung, pelvis. We do not know the primary cancer. Do you recommend going to MD Anderson, Sloan Kettering or the like. I am a 79 year old female who I thought was in good health.
output: Hello, Knowing the primary site is essential for treatment. Treatment varies from organ to organ. Site can be known by doing a biopsy from any of the nodules and doing immunohistochemistry (IOC) on that biopsy material. Both MD Anderson and Sloan Kettering are nice hospitals. Please consult a good oncologist in good hospital. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hi i ave tb i on medication but now i found a lump in the back of my neckjust at the top of my spine will they take fuilod from it because i dont want them to i had it done on my lung and it was very painful thank u my age is 54 5 foot 8 ins and iam a diabetic
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Yes, fluid aspiration from neck abscess is must for the diagnosis of type of infection. Since you are diabetic, this kind of purulent infection can be seen with mixed infection like aerobic, anaerobic bacteria with tuberculosis. So abscess fluid (pus) culture and sensitivity report is needed. Culture will isolate the causative organism and sensitivity report will guide about effective antibiotic treatment. For this we need abscess material, and it is available only after aspiration. It is not much painful procedure. Intensity of pain will be similar to simple needle prick. If you're really afraid of pain then ask your use local anesthetic agent (lidocaine) before the procedure. Don't worry, this won't cause pain. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hello...Im 54 y/o female. post menopause. 200lbs.  I walk a mile every day. No HBP, I take no meds. Have hx of stress/anxiety. Treat with accupuncture. My Mom had HA at age 70. I had a few twinges yesterday....worked alot in the yard. (hot day)...my heart feels tired. Felt better after sleeping last night, but still Im concerned.
output: Hi, Dont worry, nothing serious. It may be caused from working much in the yard in hot weather. Take care

input: Hello, my friend recently just had food poisoning. He has vomited twice since. Now he is saying he feels cold inside, has a headache, whole body aches and its sore to touch, muscle and joints hurt, gets dizzy if standing to long, and has been falling asleep on and off all day
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Food poisoning causes gastritis, vomiting and diarrhea. Vomiting and diarrhea causes loss of fluid and electrolytes (sodium and potassium) from the body. Gastritis and vomiting cause less appetite and decreased oral intake. So overall patient is deny Chat Doctor.  These can cause all the symptoms like headache, generalized body ache, muscle and join pain, giddiness, sleepiness etc. Best treatment for this is oral rely

input: Hi, I used to masturbate daily once is is good... Will it caused some issues in sperm count. Also I used to shake my dick slowly by watching porn videos for 2hrs continously after that I will masturbate. I can t able to control it. Will cause some health issues in future.... Guide me...
output: Hi, Masturbation does not affect the sperm count and motility. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My husband is having a dull tightness in his right abdomen. He describes it as a feeling of being full after eating small meals and a feeling that his stomach is balled up in one area. He has been very gassy and sometimes a pain or an uncomfortable feeling is there and stays there for a while until he lays down. He states that when he lifts his arms up there is a feeling like it is being pulled because of how tight it is. He has had blood work, stool samples, x-rays, liver enzyme test, pretty much everything except for a CT or MRI and everything has came back normal but he is still having the same feeling. We do not have a clue as to what else could be causing this.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Just to recapitulate: dull tightness in right abdomen - full after eating small meals - balled up in one area-gassy- being pulled because of how tight it is.-everything except for a CT or MRI- I would advise starting with a simple investigation like: Plain X-ray of the whole abdomen in the standing position-this may show air-fluid shadow if intestinal obstruction. Yes, CT will definitely help the diagnosis. In the meantime he should stop all the foods and beverages that you both have observed to have increased the problem. The treatment will depend upon the diagnosis and can be medical or surgical. There is a possibility of an inflammatory process going on in abdomen with added intestinal obstruction.

input: Hi. My symptoms are: Left and back side of neck very stiff and sore to the touch. Feels like a have a bruised muscle in my neck. Hard to swallow , especially on left side of throat. Left ear starting to hurt. All of these symptoms just started 3 days ago. I have an appointment with the dr office this Friday. No fever or headache. Just very stiff neck with pain.
output: Hello! Thank you for writing us here. It possibly could be a case of wry neck where the muscles of neck go in spasm and become sore. I would suggest you to take tab diclofenac for one week and you'll get relief from your symptoms. Best regards, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello my name is Penny. I got home from work I took my shoes and sock off, changed clothes. I sat down and my toe was hurting, I tried to figure if I hit the toe on something or dropped something on top if the toe but it hadn t happened. I tried to ignore it but in a few minutes I took a good look at the toe, it felt warm, looked to see if I could find if it looked like I had some type of bite but didn t find anything, that s when I noticed a red ring around the big toe.I googled ring around the nail and the first thing I did was soak in warm epson salt and it said to do it 3 to 4 times a day. Will this heal the toe in a few days and it s all healed,
output: This should be looked at by a foot and ankle specialist. You didn't mention your age or vascular status. In the worst case scenario this can be a gangrenous situation setting it. Assuming you are young and healthy that should not be the case. If your nails are too long they can bang into the front of your shoe causing a separation of the nail from the nail bed or bleeding under the nail which causes pressure and pain. If there is blood under the nail the blood would need to be released to relieve the pain. Another cause of a ring on the toe is ringworm which is a fungal infection-though, that is usually not severely painful as you describe

input: I got my dog two years ago from the humane society.  We were told he didnt bite,but he has bit the back of a few peoples legs.  It is as if he feels like he needs to attack when theyre not looking.  He never has broken skin, but he bit a 9 month old baby on the back of the leg tonight and we feel as if it has gone too far.  The dog was due for his rabies vaccine six months ago.  Is the baby at risk for rabies even though this is a behavior we have seen from our dog in the past?
output: Hello, The child should take the rabies vaccination on day 0,3,7,14,28 after the bite. You can discontinue the vaccination if, after ten days, the dog remained healthy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: sir my mother is 54 and is not feeling well these days, she had been a depression patient. is suffereing from ortho has undergone surgery for utrerous removal she is complaining for some pain and unconsiousness these days i got her to delhi for a complete health check up the most worry i have is that in my maternal history many of the family members are cancer patients i want to know what should i do
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. The condition of your mother is normal in the population of females whose uterus is removed. This depression could also be related to the depression of menopause. The negative thinking and loss of self-esteem and self-respect during this period results in mild to moderate depression. Motivation is what she needs and provide her with abundant amount of motivation. She shall be alright within around two months. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: i had a hard lump in left side of my lower gum in my molar,it does not hurt,when i touch it,or push it softly. It is a damaged tooth. I am worried about it,what should I do?Does the dentist pull my damage tooth,even if it has a hard lump under it? Please help me.
output: Helo thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor,it could be abscessed FRM periapical or periodontal etiology,it could be due to swollen lymph node b, cz of infected tooth,please get an Iowa radiograph and a check-up with your dentist, do salt water gargle thrice daily, take analgesics and antibiotics if red with a prescription,hope it helps,TC

input: I have started to have little blisters on my ankle after I had an external fracture of the malleolus. I have kept my leg raised above my heart for hours but the swelling does not appear to be going down and teeny blisters have started showing up. What is the significance of these blisters and what more can I do to get rid of them?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorThank for asking I really appreciate your concern, soft tissue inflammation if happens due to fracture of bone then it may give rise to soft tissue as well as tissue inflammation which causes the blister formation, inflammation actually increases the local temperature of the skin superficial as well as internal which is high enough to form the blister, if the inflammation being controlled well then such blister formation can be prevented, underlying cause (Here the fracture bone needs to be surgically managed as early as possible to prevent further tissue damage) till keep the leg elevated hope this information helps.

input: very gud afternoon sir, my mother she is 58 years of old, the problem for my mother for last year october 2010, started first with stomac ache then immediately we are under gon efor diagnosis with biopsy, later they told it is HB positive and symtoms are like cancer, imediately we approached oncology specialists and they said very clear 3 chemeo therpahys forst then surgery ( uterus cut) after that again 3 chemo after that form last 3 month she is ok, but form last one week she gets again stomach ache immediately  we met doctor and he said mild water is formed on ovarian ad he proposed to do test, the cytalogy report is positive metastas. please advice and help out in this
output: Hi, Your mother has started accumulating fluid in the peritoneal cavity which is otherwise called as ascites. The treatment for this is chemotherapy.  Those Chat Doctor.  Also, they can attempt intro peritoneal chemo in which chemo 

input: Hi, I just received my blood results, because I am always a bit low on iron. Iron is 16 ( 10 - 250?), but also RDW is a bit high - 14.9 (max. 14.5). I take iron daily, is not helping all that much. Should I be pursuing this with my doctor? How? Many thanks.
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have iron deficiency.  You should take iron supplements.  If oral iron is not helpful then you should go for injectable iron therapy.  Because you may malabsorption. Your RDW is slightly high and It's due to iron deficiency.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I have been tested for heredity hematochromosis and it came back negative, I have high sugar level from my my diabeties, checked me for hepatisis and it came back negative. I am tire, joints trobs, muscles tingle and numb. blood preassure is fine. I have a fatty liver. high level of iron in liver. now it is to the point they want to do a liver bioposy.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query. Fatty liver is there, but from, how many days, you are having these problems. High blood sugar level, how many days. Joints pain, muscles pain, numbness all these symptoms may be due to diabetes, if you are a chronic diabetic or blood sugar level is not under control. Liver biopsy is very important as this will reveal exact nature of damage to liver. Hope I have answered your question. If further any question I will help. Good luck. 

input: me female 48 years from india,after 14 years a snake bitten me and every year red spots & itch appear on my left leg under knee in the month august-september now these spots became very painfully and lickage some liquied water type anything from these spots.plz. suggest me any allopatChatDoctoredicine. thanking u in anticipation
output: 1. any cracking of skin, pus or any other secretion apart from water?2. Getting around a particular month...could be eczema with fungal infection?3. Cortisone and oral anti-histamine will help with itching and other symptoms.4. Consult with a dermatologist for further necessary medical care.

input: Hi I am a 25 year old healthy male, since monday 24 jan 2011 I cant swallow anything I find it really hard to drink aswell and each day it has got worse. Pain killers not helping at all and now Im findind it very hard to swallow my serliver. My throat is not swollen on the out side but I cant open my mouth fully wide. I have not eaten In 4 days
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have difficulty in swallowing which could be due to stiffness of jaw joints as you not able to open mouth, and it could be due to raised pressure in lower end of esophagus. Need not panic much. I would suggest you to visit gastroenterologist once and get it examined. You should go for endoscopy as well. You can go for surgery of lower end of esophageal sphincter if pressure is really high. Till then, you should maintain proper oral hygiene. Take antibiotic and do mouth stretching exercises.  You should start treatment after proper prescription from doctor. Take diet rich in soft food and Chat Doctor.  Do warm saline gargles. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: help me doctor, 2d, echo, carrotid and several more test were done to me but yielded negative results, my bp rises up, my doctor said io developed nerbyos means im nervuos, she gave me maintenance for the bp, but stlii goes up, help me doctor what is this in exact, and remedy copuld you giv ts been 3 months of suffering, thank u sir may you act on this immidiately, alan de roxas
output: Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern. I will try to explain and give you my opinion. We talk about hypertension if we have mean values that exceeds 140/90 mmHg. Hypertension is divided in two groups: essential or idiopathic hypertension without an identifiable cause and secondary hypertension, usually in young ages, meaning that is a secondary cause of it. This cause might be a renal disease, an endocrine problem, a cardiovascular pathology. As you explain, you have done all the examinations, and they result normal. According to this, we are dealing with essential hypertension. It is a chronic disease. It has not a definite cure, but it should be treated life long. If you tell that you still have high blood pressure values despite your treatment, it means that you have to rise your medication to better control your blood pressure. So, if I was your treating doctor I will recommend a holder pressure monitoring for 24 h, to know your mean values. After that if they result high I will add another medicament or rise the dosage of your existing ones. Hope I was helpful. Wish you good health. Best regards.

input: Hello and thank you in advance.  Woke up to a horrible itch on my arm - looked at it -  it is swollen, red about three inches around, very warm to the touch, and now bumpy.  Looks like a spider bite... two tiny red marks in the center.  I cleaned it and sprayed bactine over area.  Is there anything else I can do or be concerned about?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, It seems that you might have some poisonous insect bite giving allergic rash with severe itching. Due to bad itching nail scratches might produce some infection on the part. Go for short course of antibiotic to clear infection. Take anti-histamine like Cetirizine or Levo-cetrizine as and when required. Apply some local triple acting cream. Keep that part Chat Doctor. Ok and bye.

input: hi doctor, i am only 19 years old i had a baby 3 months ago but during my pregnancy i gained a lot of weight i went 150 to 200 and my height is 5 1 when i was 5 months pregnant i notice i was developing a little hump between my shoulders so i am really worried about it, i don t know if is just fat a fat tissue.. i still have that little hump...your answer will help a lot.. thanks..
output: Hi. The lump could be a normal cyst, which is not too worried about. During a routine doctors consultation just show it to your doctor, and let your doctor decide along with you whether it should be taken out or not, nothing to worry about at all ma'am. Best wishes.

input: Hi there. Ive been having significant drops in my H&H. I dont have my print out with me, but I am reticing. My Iron saturation is 4. Im going to assume I have fibriods? Each month my CBC values have been declining. My question is : Will I need a transfusion if I postpone getting my fibriods removed?
output: Based on your query my opinion is1. Yes, fibroid can cause a fall in hemoglobin values and parameters related to RBC.2. This is explained by the effect of sub mucosal fibroid which can cause increased bleeding, so blood loss results in decrease RBC counts and Hemoglobin.3. You need to get it removed if it is a large fibroid and sub mucosal in location.4. Transfusion requirements depend on how much your Hemoglobin is. If it's less than 7, you will require transfusion, if not it can be corrected by parenteral iron therapy. Hope this helpsRegards

input: My son is 3.4 years old and weight is 13 Kg. He is having cough from past 10 days along with fever and cold. Fever is down and he is having light cold. We had given ventryl 4.5 ml dose 3 times per days for 3 days. Still the cough is not reduced. Could you please prescribe best medicine for cough?
output: Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your sons history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. It is possible that after a viral infection, cough persists for a few weeks. If fever has subsided, please do not worry about cough.2. For symptom relief of cough, I would suggest him a cough syrup containing antihistamine like pheniramine.3. Warm saline gargles would also help him to recover early. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to your son. If you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish your son the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.

input: Lately my body feels swollen like I am retaining water, more than what I normally do and both my hands fall asleep at night to the point where I cant feel them when I wake up.  What could be causing this?  I take a pill for over active bladder could this be the cause or perhaps it is damaging my kidneys, Ive been on this medication for two years now.
output: Hi, Nephropathy that is kidney disease has to be ruled out first. For that investigate with serum urea, creatinine, EFR estimation. I also suggest you to investigate with serum protein estimation, serum TSH estimation, SGPT and GOT estimation.  I suggest you to consult physician for examination. Kindly mention you are on which medication. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hi i am beaten by a roadside dog on 13.9.2011, my age is 25 and weight is 60 and height is 158 cm i have taken a t t injection and ARS also i have taken 1st rabipur on same day now what should i do,  however dog is died in an accident on same day
output: Thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. Dear patient you need to complete the course of Raipur. As you took first dose of Raipur on day 1(i.e. the day of bite) you need to take four more doses on day 3, day 7, day 14 and day 28 of the bite. Regards.

input: I just noticed a hard lump under the skin on inner forearm surrounded by a bruise--it is not a bite but size of large mosquito bite--no itching, pain or swelling though. Only thing I can think of is strain from light weight lifting earlier--something I do regularly though
output: Hello, * As per the narration, large lump under the skin surrounded by a bruise narrate development of inflammatory changes following some sort of bacterial or viral infection most likely. * Local care with ice application and anti-inflammatory medicines will help great to recover from the same. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My daughter has asthma and it seems to flare up more when shes exercising or is when the weather is too hot and humid (she lives in NYC). Shes 29 years old and only started this condition couple of years ago. Other than using her inhaler is there anything else she can do to overcome the shortness of breath? Thanks..
output: Hello, Welcome to ChatDoctorBy the history you are giving, most probably your daughter is suffering from intrinsic or idiosyncratic asthma, that can come due to various reasons, of which exercise is also one of the cause. So I would suggest your daughter to avoid exercise as much as possible. She can also do respiratory exercises to get some relief. Thank you.

input: I suffered from jaundice in mid of Sep 15 and my billrubin levels reached at 14 and sgot n sgpt @a 950...now I am recovered n currently billirubin level is at 1.2 with direct at .5 (sgot n sgpt At 1. When can I start workout. 2. Can I start drinking occasionally.
output: Hi.noted history of elevated liver enzymes and bilirubin. Did you undergo any type of procedure or surgery? If not, yes, you can return to your normal daily activities and function without reservation. A follow-up consult with your doctor is also best for clearance prior to doing so. Hope this helps. Good day!! ~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, my baby boy is 7 months old, he has had a high fever for the last 36 hours, I took him to GP yesterday she gave me ibuprofen and pamol for him - so far it has been working well, tonight however he is burning up again but still has freezing cold hands and feet - what does this mean and what should i do??
output: Hi, Thanks and welcome to Chat Doctor. High fever must be controlled irrespective of diagnosis with paracetamol 15 mg/kg every 4-6 hourly along with tepid sponging to prevent febrile convulsions. For cure of the disease cause of fever has to be investigated. Viral fever subsides of it own within a couple of days.Otherwise, consult pediatrician. Hope this answer is OK for you Please feel free to ask further queries if any. Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam.

input: I have had a bad cough for about 5 months. I have also chronic migraines, I have sleep apnea and I also have hypothyroidism . Lately every time I cough I pee heavenly in my pants :( I have night sweats and also my hands and feet have been sweating a lot. What do I do?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. You are having too many health issues simultaneously. In my opinion you should consult pulmonologist and get done1. Chest x ray2. PUT (pulmonary function test). You are having chronic cough for 5 months. So we need to rule out lung infection and bronchitis first. So chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection.PFT is needed to rule out bronchitis. Uncontrolled sleep apnea can also cause chronic cough. So better to consult pulmonologist and first diagnose yourself and then start appropriate treatment. You are having stress incontinence (urine problem). So control of cough is needed to treat urine problem.

input: my fiances penis all of a sudden went numb today, he was playing a board game and felt very weird..like his penis started hurting and then slightly going numb. He wants to know if this is caused by excessive weed smoking or excessive smoking in general...
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. It is a known fact that cigarette smoking in general leads to impotency. Weed or marijuana smoking is highly associated with erectile dysfunction (lack of erection) and both of these in combination are too bad for sexual health in a male. Even otherwise, both these agents are highly addictive, and potentially dangerous as you must know. It is highly recommendable that he stops smoking both these agents as early as possible. He can seek medical attention for treatment of with Chat Doctor.  It is not easy, and you, as fianc, must persuade him and support him mentally to quit. Take care, Regards

input: im 15 years old and for the past 3 months i have been sick everynight , this doesnt worry me as i have got used to it. however recently i have had lumps that are like tar coming out with them they are black and im beginning to get worried about this. i am sick around the same time everynight and its natural not forced. what can i do to stop this?
output: HI. When there is such an odd finding, it is always good to see a Doctor and preferably a Dermatologist. This can be dermatitis due to mites in your room, bed or so as you are suffering only at nights.

input: Hi, i experienced anticipatory anxiety this week due to knowing i might have to take an elevator after foot surgery (today). I m Claustrophobic in a big way. I took .5mg of Lorazepan before bed last night (Thurs) and slept fine. Since I had extreme anxiety Mon, Tues, Wed, and Thurs., couldn t eat or sleep well, my question is, can I take another .5mg Lor. tonight without becoming addicted? Also, since this is situational anxiety, brought on by the thought of the elevator, could my anxiety subside on its own now, since surgery is over? bty, they let me walk down the stairs! :)
output: Dear serve understand your concerns went through your details. One dose of Lorazepam 0.5 mg usually do not have any addictive properties. For addiction, you need to take it continuously. I see your case as actual anxiety disorder which happened after the traumatic event of your surgery. I suggest counseling and if needed therapy. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I recently had a 9mm Kidney Stone laser blasted in July.  My CT showed smaller stones in both my kidneys. A week after the surgery I had the stent removed. Later that night I passed a 3mm stone. A recent x-ray showed a stone in my right kidney and minute stone in my left kidney. The stone that was blasted was analyzed. The results were 100% Carbonate Apatite.My doctor gave me a diet to follow to reduce the possibility of new stones and keep the stones currently in my kidneys from getting bigger. I researched Carbonate Apatite stones online and now Im confused. The information I found said most of these types of stones are caused by some kind of infection, most common UTI, but also kidney. Also, any stones should be removed from the kidneys. They called the stones, infection stones.Should I get a second opinion? Im concerned I am not receiving the appropriate treatment. I am female - 51 years oldI do not have a UTI, and my urine is clear. I have never had a kidney stone prior to last month. Thank you for your assistance.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. Stone (calculus) in the urinary system causes sever discomfort but why stone formation take place exact etiology is not known. I usually prescribe my patients plenty of fluid in any form with lemon juice twice in day with water on empty stomach. 2 idly I prescribe disodium HY Chat Doctor.  In India only tablet Calgary or near 2-2-2 till stone expel from urinary system. I tried a formula over many patients successfully without any side effects, you can try, Take black pepper chew them one by one 10 first day on empty stomach early in the morning. After chewing 

input: I recently got very sick.  At first I felt like I had a bladder infection, because it was uncomfortable to urinate.  An hour later, I noticed blood clots in my urine and the discomfort continue to worsen. Within 2 hours my urine went from being normal color to solid red and I was in excruciating pain during urination.  The doctor put me on antibiotics and sent the sample for a culture/sensitivity test.  It tested positive for ecoli.  I am wondering if even though I am feeling much better, do I need to seek follow up care to ensure there isnt damage to my kidney, etc.
output: Hello, It is always good to follow up, and I don't think you will much to worry after the visit. It is just a reassuring visit as your infection has already been resolved, and well treated in time. Yes, E. coli is one of the main culprits of urinary tract infections. It causes bleeding in urine too, along with other symptoms of infection like pain and urgency to urinate. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hi Doctor, I have got some skin infection since 6 months. I have some allergy sort of on my neck and chest. Itching is there only when sweating. I visited near by dermatologist. She told me that its a fungal infection called sobi and prescribed some medicine. what are the causes of sobi? Is sobi completely curable . if so how long it may take ? do i need to take any precautions?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. Skin infection what you are having is Seborrhea dermatitis caused by yeast Malaysia. It is inflammatory skin disorder which is chronic, relapsing and usually mild dermatitis. It is not completely curable, but can be effectively controlled. Antifungal medications ketoconazole and ciclopirox are both effective for the condition. These medications should be applied tropically on affected areas of skin. You may have applied it whenever it appears again. In case the response is not satisfactory, topical corticosteroids or topical urea may also be used along with it. Hope the information provided would be useful. All the best.

input: My dad, 73, has been diagnosed with Esophagel cancer stage 4 he also has pneumonia and a feeding tube to the stomach, plus a fistula eso/traq. He had a heart attack 30 years ago. Dr has said that cant do anything for him. No chemo, radiation, anything. That chemo wd kill him in a week. Do you agree. What is the time frame?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your dad has esophageal cancer stage 4.  No surgery will help. Treatment options are chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Despite treatment prognosis remains poor. Life expectancy is not good. He has not good health, so chemotherapy side effects leads to worsening of life.  There is no major difference between life expectancy with or without chemotherapy. Consult your doctor and plan accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: i have been having an ache in my upper left back up by the scapula - it appears to be in the muscle because it is very tender to massage. the ache goes down back of my arm around to elbow it does not affect range of motion and does not hurt when doing activities it just aches sometimes more than others and i have been able to sleep fine should i use heat or ice on it also my neck is a little sore when i stretch it
output: Thanks for the query. Pain in scapular area and radiating along the arm usually indicate pinching of the nerve in cervical spine. Since how long you have this problem? If this is a long-standing problem then it needs to be investigated. Ice or heat application along with anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxants will help. Thanks.

input: Hi, I discovered a bruise on the stomach/side of my nine year old sister s stomach, about less than an inch above her hip bone. She d complained about pain there. So when I applied pressure to it, I felt a lump under it. Is this normal for an injury?
output: Dear Sibling, Your sister needs to be seen by a pediatrician for a clinical examination, to find the cause of the bruise and to rule out any active bleeding in the abdomen. I suggest that your see a pediatrician ASAP.

input: I started off with a bad cold about a month ago. I seemed to get better about a week or so after I first initially started to feel ill. After a few days it came back and was worse than before. Now 4 weeks later, the only symptom I still have is the severe coughing spells that will sometimes lead to vomiting.
output: Hi there, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your situation. Your symptom might also accompany a runny or stuffy nose, a feeling of liquid running down the back of your throat, frequent throat clearing and sore throat, hoarseness,wheezing and shortness of breath. You might be having allergic rhinitis or Gastroesophageal reflux disease. Try taking tablet containing montelukast + levocetirizine, cough suppressant syrup before bed at night and pantoprazole 40 mg empty stomach in the morning. If your cough doe snot subside by this you should see a doctor and get a chest X-ray done to get a confirmed diagnosis. In the meantime stop smoking, avoid allergens and reduce acid reflux. This includes eating smaller, more frequent meals; waiting three to four hours after a meal before lying down; and elevating the head of the bed at night. Hope this helps you. Take care.

input: I have an awkward question about a number of health issues.. for four years now I have a lump under my jaw line there are 3-4 lumps on one side. No doctors didn t look into it. The doctors thinks it s because I m sick that my lymph nodes are enlarged. I am worried because I started to grow a lump at the tip of my nose.. its not noticeable but I know it s there it s a size of a pea.
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* There are different reasons for the lump under jaw as - salivary gland lesion - lymph node enlargement - others * Needs clinical examination with ultrasound evaluation to confirm the diagnosis and further management guidelines. Wishing you fine recovery. Feel free to ask any further queries. Regards .

input: Hi, My youngest son was sick for two days with a fever. I took both boys to the doctor yesterday and my oldest son got a tb test. He is now running a high fever 102-103. Should I rush him to the hospital? Normally I wouldn t go to the hospital unless the fever reaches 104 but I m just concern because he had a TB done yesterday
output: Hi, Fever of a few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually, rather than fever, what is more, important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day.  If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably a viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all.  Once the viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about the duration if the kid is active. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (maximum ceiling dose of 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F.  I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My rash began with a small patch of tiny flesh coloured bumps on my lower leg, a week later the original bumps have flattened and now the area looks like an abrasion (darker in the centre and lighter pink around the edges) a few other spots have developed and all are intermittently itchy.  I have no fever or other associated symptoms.
output: HiT hanks for your query seem to have developed neurodermatitis over the leg. This is an itchy edematous skin condition. Try and avoid scratching the area as it tends to increase the eczema. Apply topical steroid over the affected area. Take oral antihistamines for itching. Apply oil once or twice a day to moisturize the skin. Hope it helps Chat Doctor. 

input: good pm just want to asko if godex ds is good for fatty liver. because my husband took godex ds for 2 weeks but instead of lowering the sgpt result the fatty liver doubled... in ultrasound my husband liver seems to be normal... what like to be the problem
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. Godex may not be effective if there is inappropriate dietary and lifestyle habits. So diet should be changed, alcohol avoided and then see will there be improvement. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health. Chat Doctor. 

input: Yes I have real bad jaw pain it starts on the bottom then the whole cheek and top of jaw hurts, last couple of days at least twice a day, now it is happening more than twice, I cant get to see my dentist until tomorrow, I dont know why they wont see me sooner.  anyways I am taking Advil every four hours and it still hurts a lot where I have to put my heating pad on my jaw.  What could this be?
output: thanks for the query, As you have not mentioned any signs in your mouth for this pain, so first you need a thorough clinical and radio graphical examination of your oral cavity. As this pain can be due to deep caries or impacted wisdom teeth or peritonitis or periodontitis. So ruling out the etiology first then start with the particular treatment. Wishing you a recovery soon take care

input: Hi Can you tell me if a swollen ankle and pain across top of foot when using stairs and pain in back of knee when rising from sitting can be connected to thyroid problems? I have not injured my leg, that I know of but back of knee is cagey when sitting at night. N
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough clinical examination is advised followed by some routine blood test. As swelling in the feet and pain in the back of the knee can be due to any of the factors of which we cannot jump to a conclusion of the Thyroid dysfunction. As most times, due to the signs and symptoms, we need to find a differential diagnosis of the condition and compare the signs and symptoms along with the laboratory findings. Also, if it is thyroid dysfunction the blood test should reveal the possible changes and bases on which the Chat Doctor. Besides, undergoing physical therapy for the swelling and pain behind the knee works well as per my clinical experience. RegardsJay In

input: i get difficulties in breathing when i inhale fumes and dust and when humidity is very high.what is the possible treatment and the cause.am 57 n i have no treatment
output: Hiwelcome to Chat Doctor forum Allergic asthma or bronchitis is caused due to allergy to some particular substance as u have mentioned as dust or fumes or anything else. The inhalation of these substances causes narrowing of respiratory passage which causes difficulty in breathing and gradually a persons respiratory system is damaged. So first thing is to prevent this inhalation whenever you're in such environment. By covering mouth and nose. Second most important thing is treatment which is best in Homeopathy. So please consult a physician .take care

input: Hi Doc, I hv problem of blemishes on my face n my skin specialist hs suggested Melacare but I don t know for how long should I use it so it won t give me bad effects. I hv pigmentation on some parts of my face so can I use iy there to get flawless skin?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. From your history, the blemishes on your face could be due to plasma, freckles or even post inflammatory hyperpigmentation. Melacare contains a steroid as one of its components which over long term use can cause side effects like skin thinning, redness and whitish discoloration. It should be used only under the guidance of your dermatologist. You could also benefit from using a broad spectrum sunscreen with SPF 30and above every 4 hours even indoors and in cloudy weather.  You could use a lightening cream containing 2 % comic acid, licorice, albumin and niacin amide which is safer and devoid of steroidal side effects. You could also get glycol peels done by a qualified dermatologist. Hope this helps you. Take care.

input: Hi there, I have had a mole like bump on my arm for a couple of years now and the majority of the time it is normal (slightly raised) but every month or so its swells ( as if it is filled with fluid) it is bery hard and it gets a white ring around it, around the white ring the skin is red and looks aggravated. The thing is it only stays like it for a few hour and then in goes back to normal. thanks
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. If any mole acts like that (changes size, color, borders) should be removed and tested. We call such mole suspicious. There is no other treatment than its removal. So please do not wait with it. Consult dermatologist or general surgeon and have it removed. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: I am 45, had a vasectomy 6 years ago, 6 1 300 lbs, and had an extremely low T level in May 2013 (120), have periodic bouts of ED. My doctor has me on testosterone injections every 2 weeks 1ML. I take Lisinopril 20 mg 2X daily, Atenolol 100 mg 2X daily, and Amlodipine 5 mg 2 X Daily, for hypertension. Other than that, no other meds. I have noticed that from time to time my seminal discharge is yellow and clumpy (similar to gelatin). Is this normal, or is there something I need to be concerned about. This most often occurs during prostate stimulation not normal ejaculation.
output: HelloThanks for writing to ChatDoctorYellow color of semen may be due to infection. It may be due to prostatitis, UTI etc. You may need antibiotics if there is infection. Other investigation like routine femoral, RBS,Ultrasound of pelvis should be done. Trans rectal sonography of prostate can be done if needed. You should consult your doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Dr. I am a 34 years old. I am Mechanical Engineer by profession,married since 2009. About 5 years of marriage. Have no child.All tests of wife are Okay. Semen Analysis done. Got 4 Semen Analysis Latest Result is here. Date 12 Sep 2014. Volume.1ml, Viscocity This is the latest test Report. Kindly suggest any treatment. Anwar Ali Islamabad pakistan
output: Hi Anwar, your report only mentions volume. What about the other details of the report? Sperm count? Motility, etc.? We can't comment on this report. Can you upload your report on the site by asking a Specialist question then we would be able to help you? Treatment can be done for all kinds of infertility, but we need to see the entire report. Take care, Chat Doctor. 

input: My father met with a road accident on 4th June , 11. He is still in the hospital. CT scan report on 7th June: large acute haemorrhagic contusion with perilesional oedema in the lft frontal para-saggital location. Acute bleed along the posterior aspect of inerhemispheric fissure. Undisplaced fracture of the left temporal bone. He can t talk much. talking very slowly. and has some sense
output: Ct scan post-traumatic brain injury may show - extra rural or sub rural or intro cerebral hematoma. Wat u have mentioned was intro cerebral indicating with injury with in the brain parenchymal. Associated to that there is surrounding isogenic edema in response to injury. Concerning the site regarding front parietal region centers for speech are located. Services which deals witChatDoctorprehension. And Broad which is motor component which deals with speech production. As there is isogenic edema & contusions located at centers of speech there is difficulty in speaking. As the contusions n edema decreases he will recover to a normal tone which might take was to months.

input: is sunshine milk powder okay for a baby 5 months old she will not drink formula was breast fed but also only drinks very little sunshine milk is it okay for a baby 5 months old she does not like any formula that we have tried she was breast fed but also does not drink very much
output: Hello yes you can give that to your baby but I would still recommend breastfeeding as much as possible. Hope this answer helpsRegards

input: Hi,am 23 years of age and the problem I have is that my gums are unhealthy causing my teeth to be forming gaps which I do not like, besides that my gums form pus and plaque after some time,now can braces work for me @ my age? Looking forward to hearing from.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor Read your query, as you have gap in between teeth, plaque and pus formation in gums that is periodontal abscess, gap in between teeth can be due to periodontal problem may be due to weak periodontal ligaments or there can be bone loss. I will suggest you to consult Orthodontist for examination of tooth periodontal condition if possible yes you can go for Fixed Or tho treatment at your age. Discuss with your dentist, and you can go for braces. Hope this will help you. Wishing you good health,

input: My friend had a pilodontal cyst that turned into a massive growth. He had it almost completely removed but it is deep to his tailbone and about 5in wide. His dr said today he had a rare form of squamous cancer but that is about all he was told. Can you help out. He was also told there was only about 48 cases since 2007 that have presented with this form of cancer
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. A colonial cyst is a condition which occurs in the skin over the gluteal cleft due to low intensity chronic irritation. This is treated by wide excision and I understand that your friend has got it done. The treatment of excising it till the tailbone is as recommended and his doctor gave him the right treatment. Unfortunately it has turned out as a squamous cell cancer in the biopsy report and this might require aggressive treatment. Multi modality treatment approach might be required. Since surgery is done this might be followed up by chemotherapy and radiation therapy depending on the aggressiveness of the cancer. It is being found that radiation therapy works better for squamous cell cancer of the colonial cyst. Please do not worry.

input: My left testical on the very top feels mushy and strained out, but feels normal towards the bottom. The right one is completely normal. I read a few similar things about this.. So far I gathered that it could be testicular cancer or that my left nut could be sterile.Could you please help me! Im a little frightened.
output: Hi, It is generally believed that if you experience pain on squeezing the testicle, it is unlikely to be cancer. This need not apply in every case, but helps. An ultrasound of testes can mostly differentiate an infection from cancer. I suggest you get it done rather than worrying about the possibility of cancer.  Hope this helped.

input: Hi, I got married 2 years back. We are trying to conceive for one and half years already but no success. Actually I consulted to gynecologist and test were done like prolactin, complete blood test, TSH and tube testing, all came out normal. my menstruation is very regular. My husband took the semens analysis which according to the doctor is normal
output: Hi. Good to know the tests are normal. Just add on - ovulation study by sonography and intercourse at the time of ovulation. Be in a lying down position even after the act. May be use a small pillow near the buttock. Addition of multivitamins for both of you may help.

input: hi doctor..please help me out as i lost my hairs excessively, and even i am suffering from grey hairs and pimples on my head too, i m just 28 years...i feel myself blocked of my hair roots...so is it benefit to give steam on my head for opening hair roots to get my hairs back...i already took many medicines, but now i dont wanna intake of medicines, i want my hairs back by some natural methods
output: Hi dear gone through your problem.....are you on any medication go to some trichologist ...... he/she could suggest some treatment therapy like PRP or PRP with hair cocktails .....that will help you in case hair follicles are present in your scalp..... take healthy diet ......do yoga.... morning walk and eat healthy...key to healthy life

input: Hi, so my mom s been experiencing an aching from her right leg and it kinda has bruises (it doesn t really have the same color of the typical bruise you know, but to the spot where it aches and we can clearly see that her right leg s way bigger than the other, so it has a huge dark spot on that area I don t really know what is it called) so anyway, she s been experiencing it for almost a year now. Before, my went to the doctor she was recommended to go to the dermatologist. When she went there, they just gave her creams and some anti-inflammatory lotions which doesn t work on her. Then after that, she went to another doctor (it was her co-worker, my mom worked in a hospital as a Nursing Attendant btw) so she asked her co-worker if she could do a biopsy on her leg. But the doctor said she couldn t, not unless she undergo MRI testing first to know which part should she do the procedure. So a week after that, my mom went to the other hospital (this hospital is private and a well known hospital in our town) so after a week, she got the result. They told her that it was only a thickening of the leg muscles and that her veins on her leg (right) are kinda loose so she needs to support it, so they advised her to buy their product to support her veins. It s like a stocking but it s thicker than a normal stocking and which is really tight on her. The doctor said that she should wear it on the day time coz and remove it during the night time to let her leg breathe. But, nothing happened. The more she wear that stocking, the more that bruise on her leg turns dark. And btw, that pain she s feeling started as a small lump then over the period of time turns what it is now. So please do help me, because I really love my mom and seeing her like that pains me. Thank you!
output: Hello, Dark bruise on the leg with chronic pain is commonly due to Thrombocytopenia (Idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura / Heparin induced thrombocytopenia). She can take Acetaminophen (Tylenol), one SOS when required for relieve from pain. She can apply ointment Thrombophob or Thrombophob gel locally on the area affected to reduce the dark bruise. However, other medical conditions that may cause similar symptoms are Superficial thrombophlebitis (inflammation / swelling of a vein due to a blood clot), Hematoma, Deep vein thrombosis, varicose vein complications, etc. You are suggested to visit ER, get your mother clinically examined by a GP, get Blood & Imaging tests done at the earliest. She may be referred to a Hematologist or Immunologist. Her treatment will depend on the severity of the pathology detected. Let the disease detected & get her treated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello i have been having a problem with a swollen lump on the side of my neck near my chin. sometimes it will be painful and there will be a sudden "burst" of the lump and and i can taste a bitter fluid coming up my throat. is that a swollen lymph gland?
output: HI. The history of burst of the lump and giving bitter fluid in mouth may be due to the swelling and infection of the submandibular salivary gland. The causes cane : stone in the duct of the gland or a stricture in the duct or infection and inflammation of the gland. I would advise having a clinical examination by the Surgeon or the ENT Surgeon by putting a gloved finger and palpate for the stone and the gland. If there is an impacted stone in the ducts, this can be easily removed and a few stitches to invert the opening so that the complication is reduced. If there is a gland infection with the swelling and stones, this may have to be removed.

input: Doctor my baby is 2 months old..From birth she is feeding Lactogen1 no breast milk. I tried a lot of medicines for breast milk but failed.The matter is that the stool of baby is having foul smell. And her motion is too difficult hardly one times in a day. Is there any problem.
output: Most formula milks are cow milk based and hence difficult to digest. When the child is unable to digest it, the undigested remains are degraded by intestinal bacteria to produce foul smelling gases. I would suggest getting a stool routine microscopy (including test for reducing substances) to be done. Treatment will depend on the results. In any case, I would suggest changing the formula to a soy based formula and see if there is a difference.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...My husband had bowel cancer surgery in 2009 and has just had a CT Scan and has been told the cancer has returned to the pelvic area and lymph nodes and cannot have further surgery. Does this mean he is terminally ill?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Bowel cancer is difficult to treat in some patients and your husband might have had a recurrence lymph node involvement. In this situation there is disease spread to the regional lymph nodes and this make it difficult to operate. However, treatment should be started after COSI Chat Doctor. Many patients can have good response to chemotherapy and radiation therapy and show significant reduction in size of lymph nodes. This can then be assessed again and a staging can be done and if possible then operated at a later date. Bowel cancer is also seen to spread to liver in nearly half the patients, and therefore it will help to check on the liver from time to time by ultrasound scan or CT scan. Lungs should also be screened regularly. Hope he recovers with treatment. Please do not worry.

input: I am a 14 year old boy, i am around 5 feet 3 inches tall and 60 kgs. I have seen many people in my age having six packs, i am also keen in getting them.Can i go to gym? Many people tell me that going to gym helps to reduce my growth, i also wanna get built like those mates, as your advice, can i got to gym?
output: Yes you can surely go to the gym. But refrain from doing too much weight training as that can have an effect on your vertical growth and don't overdo anything. Follow set regimes and routines and concentrate on the abdominal muscles for 6 packs. But keep patience as it takes a few months to develop. Take care.  Chat Doctor. 

input: My almost 9 month old has a rash/hives around the edges of her diaper, armpits, belly and backs of her legs. We just started introducing solid foods. We introduced oatmeal yesterday. She had a virus a week ago. No fever, just vomiting for about 8 hours. She s had a bit of loose stool this week. is this a food allergy or a continuation of whatever she had last week?
output: HI ...this is not suggestive of food allergy. This is classically fitting into eczema as it is involving the flexural surfaces of the body. The trick of the management is keeping the skin moist and never allowing it to be Chat Doctor.  For this oil massage and lotions like Hiatus will help. But usually kids grow out of it...that is as the age progresses, they become better starting from 6 months of age, and they gradually get better. Regards - 

input: For the past 3 to 6 months, i have been having daily minor giddiness and lightheaded - but not to the point of losing my balance. I am able to do 100% of my day to day basis, however, due to its daily presence (of minor giddiness and lightheaded), it makes me very worried. What could it be and what type of doctor should i see?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor! After reading your question it comes out that you are having some giddiness and lightheaded less from past 3-6 months, but it is not affecting your life. Had I been at your place I think I would meet a general physician or medicine specialist?  To me, it appears to be either some blood pressure problem or may be a case of cervical spondylosis. Getting your routine tests and BP checked will rule put some usual causes. You are right in finding for its cause as even though this is not disturbing you life, but this is a symptom, and it should not be there. Anyway, it looks to be only some minor problem, so donor worry a lot, see a doctor. Only after examining you one can pinpoint the reason. Hope the reply is usefulness free to ask more questions

input: Hello , my 7 year old daughter has a large lump under her tongue . I have been to the doctors but referred to specialist . Im really worried as its stopping her eating as she complains it hurt after eating and her speech is now being effected . I have pictures if you require them .
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. A large lump under the tongue in a child should not be ignored and needs an attention of a specialist like a Pediatric Surgeon or ENT surgeon because not only affect the voice but also air entry and respiration and there may be a lot of saliva formation which may lead to aspiration pneumonia. There may be multiple causes like manual, any mucous retention cyst, rhabdomyosarcoma, etc. All of them have different pathology and so, the treatment is also different. Please show it to the doctor and the child may require an imaging modality like CT scans and a biopsy for the diagnosis and once the diagnosis is confirmed, excision may be required after pretreatment.

input: I experience chest discomfort while exercising which also causes burping.     Pain subsides within seconds of stopping.       Not heart related as dye test did not show any blockage.     Taking id, 20mg daily for Gurde however this is not helping as i still feel pain and discomfort.     Also when walking in wind and/or cold and shortness of breath climbing stairs.Can you advise?
output: According to your history, it seems related to heart only, If your angiography has been done a way back, repeat it...& some other structural heart conditions can also do these symptoms...so get your 2D Echo done.& also it can be related to your rib cage, e.g.Costco Chat Doctor. .so, try painkillers before starting exercise to rule out it...I think 2Decho will answer your question

input: My symptoms started with major fatigue for a few days, then headache, burning eyes, now it is in my throat/chest....not much of a cough; slightly swollen glands.  I also have a lingering ache in between my shoulder blades.  I was diagnosed with mono a few years ago...could this have anything to do with these symptoms?
output: Hi, thanks for asking question in Chat Doctor. Here is some suggestion for you. You have diagnosed with mononucleosis. These symptoms are because of it. Take enough water. Take nutritional diet. Take more fruits. Take rest for few days. For mononucleosis symptomatic therapy is beneficial. For preventing bacterial infection we can use antibiotic. Take simple analgesic.Don't worry. With the time symptoms will relieve. Happy to help you if any query.thanks.

input: My son is screaming with tooth ache it seems to move from his top teeth to his bottom an d hurts when eats and drinks even if it is hot food and drink he has had this on and off for 2 weeks now but last night and today have been the worse and medicine and bonjela dont seem to ease his pain he is only 5 yrs old
output: Hello, Thanks for your query. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  The cold temperature will help ease the pain. Buy an over-the-counter tooth and gum numbing gel to help ease the throbbing for a few hours. These gels are applied directly to the affected area and usually work for several hours. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: The last two weeks i have been having chest pain to my back at about the same time everyday, usually evenings when Im working. The pain is very discomforting like a slow tightness. I have a trainee right now who is also stressing me out. Also Ive been really tired daily. Im in great shape and normally dont have issues like this.  Any idea what the daily pain in my chest is???
output: Hi, Dear,Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Dear I read facts of your query and reviewed it in context to your health issues submitted in your query. I understood your health concerns and feel Concerned about them. Based on the facts of your query the reply of your query is-Your current health issues seem to be due to -Anxiety and probably high BP, by evening time, especially after days stress with trainee -lately. You need to check with your Physician and with ECG after BP checks. Though in normal health, work stress may cause chest pain from high BP with thence Other causes-as cited above-need to be ruled out, by verification with Physician/and or Surgeon. Dos-Consult with Physician who would investigate physically and by ECG and other tests with 1 weeks record of BP in morning and evening. Tb Alpha .25 mg x 2 times a day to start with.8 hrs sound sleep. Low salt / low calorie/ diet to control the weight problem if you have it. Physical Gaming would keep the body fit and would increase the stress tolerance in time to come. Add up Antihypertensives with diuretics if need be. This would fix the cause amongst the above or other possibilities. You need to treat it with Physician which should be done on priority and urgently to avoid further complications. This would resolve the complaints of yours. Constant followup with local family or specialist Physician for long term would give you long remissions in time to come, which would depend on meticulous followup treatment of your health concerns. Just don't worry and be patient and co-operate with your doctors, till you verify with your attending doctors. For early recovery-please follow above dos which would resolve your complex health issues. Hope this would help you to treat your health issues in the best way possible. Welcome for any further query in this regard to following link-http://doctor.Chat Doctor .com/Funnel?page=askDoctorDirectly&docId=70229Wishing Good Healthy Life!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS

input: hello....doctor..may i hav ur attention please   my lower lip is bigger in size and it is embarrassing for me in societycan u plz suggest some home remedies or natural therapies so dai size of my lower lip cab be reducedi am 19 years old studying in banglore
output: Is the lip swollen up recently or it's the same always. If it's enlarged by birth means the best way to cure is to consult a cosmetologist. If its just swollen recently means May is some allergic response or traumatic. Try applying aloe vera gel with honey and little rock salt.

input: Dear Dr, I have recently been diagnosed with Gastric mucosal prolapse @ OG junction. With a history of Grade 2 Reflux esophagitis 6 years ago. In recent visits with my doctors are confusing me rather giving solutions. My general complaint is: 1. Diffuse pain at the xiphisternal region after having meal(especially in sitting posture) I must confess that i was a avid spicy(fat) food eater until a month back. Thanks in advance for your reply
output: Hello, It is due to severe acid reflux and gastritis. As first-line management you can take antacids like omeprazole or pantoprazole for symptomatic relief. If symptoms persist better to consult a gastroenterologist and plan for an endoscopy. Avoid spicy foods also. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: recently, one of my family member (male 59 yrs) had a brain stroke and he is not able to understand and speak. Local doctors are calling this as Aphasia and say total recovery is not possible. Partial recovery can happen through speech therapy only. Please suggest if there is any remedy in addition to speech therapy.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor., before seeking any remedial help, it is advisable to get the patient EEG of brain. THEN THE REPORT MAY BE POSTED reach exact and correct diagnosis. In the meanwhile, patient should use DUXILTABS early in the morning and ginkgobiloba 40 mg one tablet noon and evening. This prescription will hope to form some good Chat Doctor. Com

input: I have RND and AMPS and my ribs are likely to dislocate, but I have never had the pain in the front side of the ribs. It is sore to the touch right underneath my left breast. I woke up with this pain 2 days ago and it hasn t gone away. I don t understand why.
output: This could be muscle strain. Apply hot packs. Get a massage. Take painkillers. Wear softer brassiere. Exercise regularly.

input: My son has Isthmic Spondylolisthesis.  He also suffers from vertigo and dizzy spells.  Hes had a lot ot testing to ensure there isnt any underlying condition causing the vertigo/dizziness.  Weve never put it together until recently...when I read that spondylol can cause vertigo.  Is this true?
output: Hi, thank you for posting. I have gone through your query and I understand your concerns. It is true that Islamic Spondylolisthesis can cause dizziness. This condition causes neck muscular spasm. In patients with Islamic Spondylolisthesis blood flow to the brain base is low due to muscular spasm, and this is the reason why patients have dizziness. The treatment of this condition contains painkillers and muscle relaxant medications. A neck X-ray, a complete blood count and a urine test are necessary in order to check the condition of the patient. If the condition is aggravated non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications are necessary. Chiropractic procedures can also help. You should contact a neurologist to discuss the treatment. All the best.

input: Hi Doctor,  I need one information. I sometimes get red colored ulcers on my tongue after eating few particular things like Indian gooseberry or something which is sour and tangy.It again goes off immediately after I drink water or something which is cold.Please can you suggest what can be the reason behind this.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. Actually few persons have sensitive taste buds over tongue. These sensitive buds react with citric acid present in certain fruits or other eatables particularly tangy and irritant fruits, need not worry. The best way is to avoid such type of fruits. 2nd option is applied local triamcinolone oral gel over tongue immediately after use of such fruits. Good luck. 

input: I WENT TO MY ENT DOCTOR AND HE CHECK MY THYROID AND IT WAS NORMAL AND THEN HE NOTICE A BLUG ON THE FRONT OF MY NECK AND TOLD ME IT WAS A MASS AND FOR ME NOT TO WORRY AND I AM TOLD IT NEEDED TO BE REMOVED. WHICH I AM SCHEDULE TO HAVE THE SURGERY THIS MAY. DO I HAVE ANYTHING TO WORRY ABOUT LIKE CANCER OR WHAT? I AM CONFUSED. AND IS IT DANGEROUS? DAWN
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Mass in neck have many causes. And it can be due to either benign or malignant causes. Benign lesions are1. Lipoma2. Dermoid3. Infective enlargement of lymph node. 4. Benign thyroid cyst etc. Malignant lesions are1. Malignant lymph node involvement. 2. Thyroid malignancy etc. So surgical removal and histopathological examination is needed to rule out these causes. So don't worry, get done excision and biopsy of mass. Further treatment is based on etiology of the mass.

input: I have a soft lump right below the inner crease of my elbow. It feels like a sting if I press on it.  On the outer side of the same arm, but on the other side I have a lipoma.  Could they be related?  If not what would case this soft lump in the crease?
output: Hi and welcome to ChatDoctorlipomas are soft well circumscribed and usually not painful subcutaneous lesions.Wish you good health. Regards

input: hi doctor, my mom did a MRI few days ago and it said tiny t2 abnd flair hyperintensity focus are seen in subcrotcial white matter of both frontal lobe . corresponding area shows iso signal intensity in t1 weighted images i want to is it very serious kind of dieases?? and also i would like to know the causes, treatment and any complications of this situation. i would also like to know what are the things to be taken into consideration for my mom. thank you !
output: Hi NEA, Thank you for posting your query. MRI brain findings of your mother are common findings, and can occur in a variety of conditions. These include migraine, ischemia of brain (less blood flow) and desalinating illness (where the covering of the nerves get damaged). The most common cause is migraine. There is no need to worry about this finding. Based on your moms symptoms, the neurologist would be able to come to a conclusion regarding the diagnosis. Medical treatment would help her get better. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello. I got all four wisdom teeth extracted 6 days ago. Ive taken all antibiotics and have been rinsing religously with warm salt water. My top extraction sites feel totally fine, but the bottoms hurt like none other. Its mainly the left side. When I look inside my mouth I can see white bone in the extraction sites..  Is this normal, or is it possible that I may have dry sockets/infection?
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor forum, I will be glad to answer your query, I would like to inform you that sometimes following extraction a sharp bony spicule(piece) is left behind which hurts. You can see your dentist and if required he may file it down, it is quick and painless procedure, does not take long. If it is a Chat Doctor. I would advise you to see your dentist as a follow-up after extraction. I hope this answer was useful. I wish you good health, take care.

input: Hi I am 51 female ,perimenopausal,for the last 18 months I have suffered with a yellow coated tongue in the morning and it is getting a lot worse.I feel awful in the mornings any way and look generaly unwell.I have a healthy diet.I am seeing a gynocologist for cyst on my ovaries and my uterus had a thicker lining than normal.I have a lot of wind and bloating and pains in my abdomen-I am a bit of a mess. Can you help
output: Hello:)Welcome to Chat Doctor. A yellow tongue indicates accumulation of bacteria. Your hormonal irregularity can add to this. These bacteria then release certain chemical to make the tongue yellow in color. Have adequate water 3 liters per day. Reduce consumption of caffeinated beverages. Maintain oral hygiene and floss daily. Use a mild mouth wash thrice a week. Cleanse your tongue regularly using a tongue blade. Quit any tobacco and alcoholic habits. Regards.

input: Hi, iam sfiso and im 19years this year and iam having masterbation problems and i think this started when i was 14 and since than i have been masterbating frequently and i do this if i see more ladys wearing cloth that show parts of they bodies and how can i get help because i think it will affect my university life
output: Hi, Do physical games, exercise and yoga to control and divert your mindset. If you can't control then consult for psychiatric counselling. I Hope I have answered your query. If you have further doubts, I would be happy to help you. Happy day.

input: I have just had breast cancer surgery 9 days ago. the margins are clear, but it was estrogen/progesterone positive. They want to do chemo and radiation, but I feel there has to be a better approach in treating this. I work for a naturopath, but his specialty is not chemo or radiation, but would like someone who will work with him in my care.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Cancer is a difficult condition to treat and treatment differs in every patient depending on the location, size, staging and post surgery biopsy findings. Since you have had surgery only 9 days ago, it will help to discuss with your oncologist and depending on the biopsy report, go for a comprehensive treatment. Even is the margins are clear, there is estrogen/ progesterone positive nature and this requires you to have chemotherapy and radiation. The earliest this is started the best outcome it will have. I wish you reconsider the benefits of chemotherapy and radiation in your case and start treatment on time. Naturopathy can give you comfort and detoxify your system, and it is best to discuss your treating doctor on when to take simple naturopathy procedures and wait until you are done with initial chemotherapy. Even if the margins are clear, there can still be persisting microscopic invasion of cells and this can lead to flaring of cancer an few months. Radiation is precise and specific to the region of cancer. Please do not worry.

input: my son is 6 months old. Past three months he was suffering with dry skin , his body has red patches. I have consulted doctor and they provided hytromol, but it got increased, so I got Diprobase. I am using this cream past three days for my son. But yesterday I have noticed that he got some spots like pimples (not in yellow colour, but in the top it has dark black marks). I have consulted doc today, he was telling that this is because of try skin. One of my friend got chicken box, so I was wondering is it chicken box. Please advise me to resolve my son s skin problem. Please
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor Hi..., the above signs and symptoms are not due to Chickenpox... it may be Rashes developed due to Diaper... The classical signs of chicken pox is, the lesions will be like dew like first appear on the trunk, then spread to chest, and all over limbs... Do not worry, ... Hope I have answered your question. Take care...

input: Recently I have been experiencing, being light headed, dizzy, my right leg from the knee on down is swollen. My blood pressure usually is around 110/80 with my pulse around 88. But at my last dr. app I was 150/94 with my pulse at 104. I am a cancer survivor. I have undergone multiple surgeries, chemotherapy and radiation . Wondering if I should see my provider? Or am I being a worry wart .
output: Hi, Your detailed clinical history is missing. What the disease you have suffered from? Multiple surgeries, chemotherapy, radiotherapy can be used to treat many sorts of malignancies. Anyway your present symptoms not seems to be related to previous disease. Cardiac cause is most likely the diagnosis. You may better evaluated by an internal medicine specialist, an ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY may be required.

input: I have weight issues but over the last 12 months  my asthma as changed its breathless all the time feeling of pressure on my chest breathing worse at night waking gasping also legs very swollen also arms and girth sometimes swollen Im exhausted all the time
output: Getting breathlessness while sleeping with swelling of feet is an indication that you may be having early symptoms of left ventricle failure or say heart failure. But with the history of asthma, you must mention at what age you started having asthmatic attacks, any precipitant factors of asthma, on what medications you are, and do you have a history of hypertension. You must proceed with your routine check up, blood pressure and blood sugar evaluation, ECG and chest x-ray. Sleeping in a propped up position may comfort you. These symptoms should not be taken lightly, and proper evaluation must be done.

input: i have a doubt regarding sexuall intercourse ,i can go for only once and for the second time hardly after that its very hard i get eraction even if i wanted hav and i am not safisfying my wife . pls let me know how make it possible ! and am just 25 years old !
output: Hello, Causes of erectile dysfunction are:-1) Psychological2) Stress3) Fatigue4) Diabetes5) Other chronic illness.6) Spinal cord injury. You can table sildenafil, one hour before intercourse after consultation. Treatment mainly depends upon underlying conditions. Kindly follow with detailed history or consult with sex expert. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: 2 weeks ago i fell over and hit the back of my head on concrete floor, i had concussion for 2 days it was all just a blur, i was sick a couple of times but did not go to A and E but since then i have had a constant headache that no matter what tablets i take it will not go away, help me :(
output: Hello!My name is 

input: I get the depo medrol 80 mg injection for my allergies, and i got one recently a day before my cycle was due to start, which is always on time, and my cycle came a week late, and its been on every since for almost 3 weeks. Is this a side effect? Im 44 years old, no fibroids never had any complicatios with my cycle, no chances of pregnancy.
output: Hello, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I read your query and understand your concerns about delayed periods. Although delay in periods is not a prominent side effect of steroid use, but it is one of the side effects commonly observed among middle-aged women. This happens because the menstrual cycle is regulated by hormones which are steroidal in nature. The use of demo me Chat Doctor.  I hope this answers you. Thanks and regards.

input: Hi my daughter age 7 is not breathing right .when she is eating food she needs to stop chewing and take deep breath from her mouth,and she gets uncomfortable,is her nose blocked or is she just not used to breathing from her nose I don t understand what to do
output: Hello. I just read through your question. The most common reason for what you describe is nasal congestion. Usually this is cleared by simply blowing the nose and perhaps administering saline nose Chat Doctor.  However, this could sometimes be an issue with the lungs (i.e.: wheezing). If she is otherwise comfortable, I don't consider this an emergency. However, I do recommend consulting with your pediatrician.

input: I had itchy scrotum and groin. After two to three days, I got pimple like bumps and there were some small white pimples which did not cause any pain. But that area smells bad and in some places it is sticky. and the places where the pimples were present is peeling off and that region also sticks .
output: Hello, From your description, it seems that you are having multiple sebaceous cysts on scrotum. Many males are having this. Because of that you are having itch. It won't require any treatment until it covers the most part of scrotum, or it gets infected badly. Surgery is the only treatment option available for it. Some males are undergoing surgery for cosmetic reason. To get rid of itch, you can maintain good hygiene at private parts, take bath regularly and make the area Chat Doctor. Hope this helps you. Thank you.

input: I have a lump by my jaw sort of under my ear, it s like the size of a pea and it doesnt hurt really but it feels kind of like a bruise when i touch it. my friend said it s a swollen gland or something. I was wondering if I should worry about it and why it s there.
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some enlarged lymph node due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma.  Or it can be some benign cyst.  You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I have had what started as a rash 3 months ago.  I spent the previous night in a hospital, because I took a spill at home.  Soon this rash turned into severe hives on face, thigh, arms (inside elbow) and mainly the right side of my back (which is the side I sleep on) and my breasts (which is where the nightgown in the hospital rested.  That was the end of February and now its May and the itching especially on my breasts and under my left arm (and down the arm to inside of the elbow.The itching and little bumps (like hives) are so bad you wouldnt believe it. Doctor gave me Triamcinolone 0.1% cream, but it doesnt do that well.  I tried Cortiscone from the drug store..not that great either.  Im taking Bensdryl tablets, because they did control the hives pretty well, but this rash and all the little bumps are killing me.
output: Hello, With such presentations in my clinic, I would first rule out underlying causes responsible for your rash rather treating symptomatically for months. To confirm exact pathological causes I may advise you a blood differential count and total count of blood. Treatment depends upon exact causes. So, no need of all these medications at all. Please let me know if you have further questions before meeting your primary care doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi, I recently have been getting a lot of cold sores for no reason. One would show up and then it would heal and then another would show up. But these past couple of days I have found like a small round lump near my jaw. When I touch it, it would move around and it hurts. I can t see it but I can feel it. Is it something I should be concerned about?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  You may have some leukoplakia or some malignant lesion.  You should go for biopsy of that lump. Go for biopsy and histopathological examination. Then take treatment according to your diagnosis. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hello I have a 4 yr 11 month (almost 5yr) old son that has a irritated penis. When I was bathing him earlier I pulled the skin back to clean and I noticed the skin around the tip of his penis was really raw,red,and looked a bit swollen and irritated. He said it hurt a little and since then I have been watching and lstening when he urinates and I noticed he jerks a little as he beings to urinate. Can you please help me?
output: Looks like your boy has got Atlantis. It might be due to local infection, your boy might have got furtive him spy Eugenic plus (paracetamol+broken) 5ml twice daily for 3 days

input: Hello doctor ! my age is 43, height 177cm and weight is 83 kgs. All the CBC, sugar and LFT parameters are normal. HDL is 37 and LDL is 122.3... ultrsound report says that i have grade 1 fatty liver. Is this is cause of concern? how to get the liver normal. i walk for one hour almost 4 times a week. drink and smoke socially. Any medicine to cure fatty liver ??
output: Hi and Welcome to Chat Doctor. I appreciate your concern for the fatty liver. You need to have some lifestyle modifications in order to get rid of fatty liver:1. Since you are overweight (BMI is 26.49), your maximum healthy weight based on a BMI of 25 is 78.32 kg. So, continue regular physical activities in addition to walking2. Avoid fatty meals (both vegan and non-vegan), fast and junk foods, salted snacks, Chat Doctor. 

input: hi i think am pregnant,have been on atripla for about a year and some 3 mths,i have no complaints with my my medication,my fear now is i am not ready to have an abortion and yet am scared for the new born and also ready to live with the conquences and outcomes of my new baby as nothing can make me or convince me to abort am about two weeks or so advise pls am ready to die if need be
output: Hi. Atripla belongs to pregnancy category D classified by the FDA, meaning that the medication does hold some side effects during pregnancy, but is nothing serious enough and also not much thought needs to be out in by the doctor before prescribing or continuing the medication during pregnancy. So I don't think there should be an impact of the Chat Doctor. Best wishes.

input: Hi. Last night and again today, I ve noticed a large and noticeable pulsation in my neck in the area of the carotid artery. It s especially pronounced when I m supine. This afternoon, while at work, I noticed the pulsations in my neck and then, shortly after, realized my right hand was shaking and the arm felt weak. It subsided after a few minutes. When I returned home this evening, I noticed the beating in my neck and, using a video camera on my phone, confirmed the pulsations are visible and most visible when I m lying down or back on pillows. I feel okay otherwise, although my arm and shoulder again feel a little strange. (Although, truthfully, I m wondering if I m just reading into things a little bit.) I do have a history of heart issues: I had a patent foramen ovale closed in my heart in 2010 due to several years worth of strange symptoms (visual, pins & needles, etc.) that were likely ongoing and sporadic TIAs, according to my cardiologists. I have had no repeat episodes since the surgery, although have had a few cases of pericarditis since then. Otherwise, I am in excellent health/fitness. Weight ~130. Height ~5 6 . Physically active, no drug use, occasional social alcohol use. No family history of cardio disease. The question: should I be concerned about these symptoms and go to the ER, or is it normal? Or, somewhere in between those two extremes?
output: HIF you see carotid pulsations or jugular vein pulsations and felt weakness of arm simultaneously and with history of heart operation, you may consult a cardiologist for it. You may also watch if you get rapid pulse or irregular radial pulse, some symptoms of dizziness or not.I may suggest an echocardiogram to record the chamber functions, valves and pressure gradients to rule out any abnormalities of atria and ventricle size

input: Hi, I am 36 weeks pregnant. All my reports have been fine considering baby weight, amniotic fluid & doppler flow. However, my last ultrasound a couple of days ago showed the baby in a head up position with a single loop of cord around neck. Can I still have a normal delivery? can the baby turn on its own in due course of time to engage in head down position, before my delivery date which is 14th Feb.?
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today. If your baby is in the head up position at term, it is not recommended that you deliver vaginally, because there is risk to the baby of birth injury. So if you reach your due date with your baby in the head up position, your obstetrician will likely recommend cesarean section. However, there is a possibility that the baby could turn around on its own. Ways to help this to happen is to do what you can to let your belly hang to give the baby a chance to rollover. Going on your hands and knees and arching your back high into the air, like an angry cat, for 10 minutes every day, can sometimes help the baby to turn around naturally. However, the best way to help the baby to turn around is for your obstetrician or midwife to perform a procedure called a version. In the US, versions, which literally are done by the doctor pushing the baby into a somersault is performed under ultrasound guidance in a hospital setting. It works about 50% of the time and can give a woman a chance at a normal vaginal delivery. Regarding the cord around the babies neck, 15% of normally delivered infants have an umbilical cord around their neck. So the presence of the cord around the neck now does not mean that there will be any problems with labor and delivery if the baby is able to get into the right position. If you are considering having a version, I suggest that you speak to your delivering provider about it soon, as the success rates of version decrease significantly after 37 weeks. I hope that I was able to adequately answer your question today, and this information was helpful. Best wishes for the rest of the pregnancy and delivery,

input: I feel pain and lifeless sort of feeling in my both legs, below knee area. Mostly in calf muscles. I am having this pain for more than 3 years now and 24 hours a day. In the morning, its hard to get up and do something. I am really low  in energy levels all the time. Standing for long, intensifies the pain. I have consulted many doctors, neurologists, they gave many stress relieving medicines along with vitamins but nothing helped even a bit. I want to do exercises but there is literally no energy in me due to these prolonged pain. I feel low and down through out the day at work and at home too. Please advise.
output: Dear patient you need detailed blood check up for complete blood count with ESR level. Low hemoglobin level may be the reason for lethargy and weakness. Pain in the Lower limbs may be due to spine pathology with nerve compression. First X-ray of the lumbosacral spine anteroposterior and lateral views and them MRI of the lumbosacral spine with screening of whole spine needs to be done. Please get it done from radiology center nearby you. Meanwhile, start tab regain x 75 mg one at bedtime with tab attract twice a day for pain relief.  If report is abnormal you need to consult orthopedic surgeon nearby your area with report.

input: Am 30 yrs old female I have two kids one is 5 yrs and the other is of 3 yrs and I cancelled my pregnancies with pills thrice after them.am actually scared of infections caused during family planning or any other temporary measures of contraception.am now worried about my health pls suggest any contraceptive measures either temporary or permanent which does not affect my health and not does not cause any infection Regards
output: Hello dear. Understand your concerns. You want contraception long term:you can use Copper T, which is available in many varieties like effectiveness for 1 year,3 year,5 year,10 yearMirena implant, demo shooter options for short term are like diaphragms, hormonal injection, hormonal patch, or condom by your partner. So you can choose it by consulting with the gynecologist for better effect and to prevent the side effects. I hope this will help you. Thanks. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... i have these whitish bumps all around my penis. i had it ever sinced middle school. i never had any sexual act with anyone at that time. im 19 years old and im still scare to have sex because of this problem. please help me doctor. Thnk you!
output: Hi, It can be due to PPP - pearly penile pa pules or ingrown hair or pimple. Share a picture for confirmation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. R. Raveen

input: My child has a cold and doesn t wipe/blow her nose that well or thoroughly. She has suddenly developed a number of little pimples under her nose - surely there is a connection between these? Seems too big a coincidence. She is only 7 - she doesn t get pimples!
output: Hello. I just read through your question. The area under the nose often gets very Chat Doctor.  This gives bacteria an opportunity to cause the pimples. I recommend using a moisturizer in the area, especially during colds. They will heal on their own.

input: I currently take Lisinopril for hypertension. I feel i suffer from something that causes my face to get flushed easily, like I am easily embarrassed. I have noticed when i skip my Lisinopril, I don t have the flushing issue. Can they be related? If not how can I fix the embarrassed look, I feel its taking control over aspects of my life.
output: Hi, Based on the history facial flushing (cutaneous vasodilation) seems to be due to an adverse effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor lisinopril. I suggest you to stop lisinopril and take an alternate effective but a safer medicine for hypertension after consulting your doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hello, I was diagonised with hepatitise B for the last seven months back, my first doctor has put me on antivairal drugs lemuvudine but later i was advise by the second doctor to stop taking the medicine becouse the vairal load was low and it doesn t qualified me for treatment and later liver biospy was done but i don t have the varius in my liver but since then my liver enzyems keep on elevating especially the alt , alkaline, billrubin, total protein , ggt & at times the mentions ones also reduce though HIV B varial load was done later and it was below 25mm in DNA . What could be the problem am so scared of liver concer and chriosis. Secondly can someone grow up with hepatitise B from child hood up to the age of 60s? if so what is the life span of the person having a chronic HIV B?
output: If you have elevated liver enzymes and hepatitis B you should probably get treatment, but it also depends on the results of your liver biopsy (if there is active inflammation or not). Also getting treated will prevent your chances of getting liver cancer. If you are coinfected with HIV, then you should definitely control the hepatitis B with medications since the risk of liver cancer is higher if you have both HIV and hepatitis B. Keep in mind that some HIV medications also work against Hepatitis B (such as tenofovir, also known as Arvada) reasons why your doctor may have stopped lamivudine.

input: Hi, I will be embarking on 24 hours worth of flights tomorrow. I am in early pregnancyand have to apply on Crinone gel every 8 hours. I normally lay down to insert them. Is it okto do it standing up? I may have to make use of plane and airport toilets.Thanks, Michelle
output: See if u can this progesterone gel properly ...like inserting inside d vagina...or else u can take tablets 400 mg also instead of this while travelling

input: Hi, I am 38 year male suffering from cold from last 3 days. Doctor has prescribed me Allegra 180 and Azee 500 for 3 days. Lately, a very severe pain has started in my right chest and seems to aggravate the moment i breathe or cough. Will the prescribed medicine help in this or do I need to see the doctor again?
output: Thanks for posting you query to Chat Doctor.Allegra is an antiallergic medicine and AEE is an antibiotic, so both medicine do not use full in chest pain .you need to find out the cause of such sever pain as it could be muscular pain or may be due some cardiac disease.cardiac pain are usually associates with sweating and breathlessness constant pain may aggravate on movement, so if you are having such symptom need to immediately consult to medicine physician .but if it is muscular pain it will receive by taking some NSAIDs with muscle relaxant. I suggest you to contact to your local physician he will do local examination and treat you accordingly. Hope you would be satisfied with my answer.  Feel free to communicate if any query.regards, Chat Doctor. 

input: I have severe degenerative disk disease. I am not a candidate for surgery per my orthopedic physician. I have had numerous nerve blocks and it doesn t help . My pain is at the L5 disk. I take Lortab 750/500 but that doesn t help either. Is there any pain medications that WILL help? I am under a physicians care.
output: painkillers and immobilization in lumbosacral brace may ease pain, sometimes traction to both lower limbs can be alternative.

input: I am a 46 year old slim male. A couple of months ago in the shower my wrist made a sharp snap, and it felt is if someone had tapped the side of my wrist with something hard. Since then a lump has appeared in that location. It does not hurt. It feels like bone, but it seems to be able to move slightly. It is rounded and about 1 cm across at the base. Any ideas what it is and what I should do about it?
output: Hi, You have a ganglion on the wrist. This a rounded thin walled swelling filled with gelatinous fluid like gel. It is attached to the joint capsule or ligament. This is harmless and does not need any specific treatment, and might disappear by itself. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hello , i am mohammed 32 years old last 3 years before i married that time i am only 3 month sex  with my wife after that i go foreign after  2 YEAR I came from foreign. my wife got 1st month result  possitive (preganancy test) after 3 month  my wife baby  misscarriage and also doctor advice to clean the utrus bag that we  done. after that doctor advice to take  ar wonder tablet for me this is  the right one can you please give me your good suggestion i hope   for your rely
output: HelloThanks for query. Your wife had miscarriage after 3 months of conception is itself suggestive that you are not infertile.Hence, you do not need any medication being commonly used in treatment of infertility. The cause of miscarriage is due to failure in growth of Zygote (Product of conception) due to many hormonal factors and chromosomal abnormality and are never due to any direct in sperm.Hence, a male partner does not have to take any medication. Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a hammer hit me in my right pelvis area where I imagine my ovarie to be ... I have been married 2 years and no luck getting pregnant how can I get this looked at. Can it make me not get pregnant? How much does it cost for in vitriol or to get my husbands sperm tested
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It is unlikely that this injury would have significantly affected your ability to conceive. There are different reasons for infertility. It can be due to male or female causes or due to a combination. In terms of your partner, you are right in assuming that he would need a semen analysis. The cost would vary according to one lab to the next. He can either consider speaking to his urologist, speaking to a lab directly to find out the cost. In terms of your investigations, your doctor would need to assess the different aspect of the reproductive system-the uterus, ovaries, tubes, cervixThis would involve both imaging and blood tests. You should consider visiting your gynecologist or a fertility specialist. Even if issues are found with either of you there are effective techniques available that may be able to help you conceive. I hope this helps

input: I had a crown put in three years ago.  I had not noticed any pain or problem with it, yet the dentist says he needs to replace it because there is decay under it.  Is this unusual? I thought crowns were permanent.  Should I get a second opinion, and how do I go about doing that??
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint it is possible that if the margins of the crown is not intact and there is a gap between crown and tooth, water and food debris along with bacteria can seep into the tooth and leads to secondary Infection. In this case if the decay has not reached the nerves present in the center of tooth then you may not have pain, but the tooth can continue to decay. If this is the case you will have to get the crown removal, get the tooth filled or Root Canal treatment has to be done followed by replacing the crown. You can take a second opinion if you wish as well as you can send me a scan of the x Ray of the crowned tooth so that I can guide you how you should proceed for treatments. In case if tooth is decayed then the treatment advised to you is appropriate. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I am suffering from repeated absses in both my under arms since last 15 years. It pains and swells when pus forms and oozes out. After much treatment atlast doctor told it is TB and started treating me with Efficin injection and Rifa I-6. But there is no improvement. Doctor suggested to go for surgery now. What should I do? Plz help.
output: Send the pus for C/S + Behave hairs regularly Wash armpits with antiseptic Start antibiotics according to the culture report.

input: thank you for taking this question Doc. where can i get diagnostic tests and treatment for suspected tropical parisitic infections in mumbai? The patient is suffering from increasing levels of protines in the blood and water retention and excessive swelling twice the size in both arms.Thank you . please call me or sms me on 0000
output: Hello and thanks you for your query. I am Chat Doctor and I will try to help you as much as I can with my answer. These are nonspecific symptoms and it Amy or may not indicate parasitic infection. You need to see necrologist for further evaluation. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: My seven year old son, has been crying all day, sitting on the toilet for hours, saying it hurts when he pees and that the pee wont come out,  I have had UTI and I know how painful they are. But can boys get these too? Also he hasnt made a bowel movemnet in 2 days, and said he feels like he needs to poop.
output: He may have a urinary tract infection .it may or may not be associated with fever. Constipation is a well known risk for urinary tract disorders. Yes, boys can have too. Urine culture is the investigation of choice

input: I have ESLD and have unremmiting itching. I am unable to sleep at night and am able to take short naps during the day. I have tried all the known OTC remedies but to no avail. If this is what I have to look forward forward for the rest of my life its not much. My bilirubin levels are very high. I am at my witts end. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? YYYY@YYYY Thank you, Marc
output: Hitching in the end stage liver disease can be quite problematic, there are quite a few things tried for it with limited success in some cases. Anti- histamine like cetirizine, defense Chat Doctor. Some local application lotions a like calamine and soothing agents are useful. Then there are medications like rifampicin and ursodeoxycholic acid. Please consult your doctor to see if any of these work for you. Thanks.

input: 19 y/o female 110 lbsI, no significant medical bg.  was hit in the chest with a blunt object right above my left breast about 1 week ago. Now when I breathe in too deeply, sneeze, cough, or move my left arm in a certain way, I feel discomfort/pain. The pain comes from sneezing. Also now there is quarter-size bump and the pain travels to my armpit/side area at certain times. When I press down on the bump I feel some pain. It is a hard bump but no bruising. When my chest got hit I felt winded. Thank you for any answers
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You had blunt chest trauma and symptoms you are having at present are due to musculoskeletal injury after such trauma. So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in musculoskeletal pain. 1. Avoid movements causing pain. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3.  Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. 4. Take painkiller and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  5. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Don't worry, swelling and pain will subside with all these in 1-2 weeks. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, I had a THR on right leg Jan/2001. Subsequently I have sciatic nerve palsy/drop foot. I have been in severe pain since and if anything have developed more problems with sores that take forever to heal. I am taking baclofen 10mg twice a day and amitriptyline 25mg once at bedtime. Is there anything else that would help with pain. What is the statute of limitation for this type of injury
output: helloFor foot  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi my stomach swells up and I also have a tired sort of gritty feeling behind my eyes for some period of time over possibly the course of the week I start to feel as if my body inside is shaking and I have mild anxiety attacks.over this period of time I have swollen stomach slightly painful sometimes not always and after my anxiety attack I am really tired.throughout I have very low energy.I have had numerous blood tests are which of showed nothing and also I have had blood tests for a thyroids problem botChatDoctore back as ok.my diet is ok but not great and found last year when this happened I ate extremely healthy and it went away.i understand that I have to keep a good diet of fish veg and fruit ect but wonder what is happening to make me feel like this.i occasionally take omeprazole for acid indigestion could indigestion be the problem? Or just a symptom of a problem?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I can understand your emotions. In psychology, we broadly call it obsession. You had that disturbing sensation once. You expected it to happen again and focused. Then you started experiencing it as you were expecting it. Then your body brought the familiar symptom because you are expecting it. Then you started worrying that the symptom is coming again and again and expect it. Body brings it again as you are expecting it. You become worried and so on. That is obsession in simple terms. Ignore it and the problem vanishes. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I was just told that my A1C is 15. I do not have insurance and I turn 65 in August so I will have Medicare in about 6 months. I am 5 9 and my weight dropped from 195 to 144 this past year with weight dropping even during holidays. I was hoping I could last without expensive treatments until Medicare. I m taking 2,000 mg metformin/day but it isn t doing the job. Do I need to hurry up and get care I can t afford?
output: You need a 2 or 3 Chat Doctor. ...to control blood glucose levels. Although metformin itself causes weight loss.I hope you take it after meals & don't miss doses. Also u need proper diet plan.

input: i have severe upper abdominal pain. I have been experiencing this pain on and off for months. I usually get it every other day in the evening or the middle of the night. No pain killers work for me. Each episode last around 3 hours and im in so much pain I cant move. I cant bare it anymore. The doctors have suggested IBS but im certain its not this, what could it be?
output: Hi, From history it seems that this might be due to hyper acidity or acid reflux. During this two time usually stomach is empty and acid secretion is there producing this problem. Take less but frequent diet and keep stomach full. Take Omeprazole for few days. Avoid fried, chilies and junk food. Avoid stress.If you require go for ultrasound of abdomen. Ok and take care.

input: i had a pilondial (?) abscess two years ago which i had surgery to drain it, now i have an abscess in my groin area (is sore and around 2cm/20mm in length Is it common to have reaccuring abcesses? I pay close attention to personal hygiene by using anitbacterial products, what can be the causes of abcesses?
output: Hi, the endurance of colonial sinus is common the reason for the sinus is the friction of hair which might be caused by chronic sitting the hair tip enters the skin and thus the access is formed around the hair follicle, along with maintaining personal hygiene keep the area hair free which will reduce the endurance

input: I went to the ER a couple of days ago thinking I had a kidney stone. My back was killing me and I as vomiting. The kidney area was tender. After they determined that either there was no stone or it had passed they sent me home. I still cannot eat and I found a tender spot on my right front about 2 1/2 inches along the rib line from my sternum that has a little bump and if I press on it the pain goes all the way to my back where I first was experiencing severe pain symptoms. I still have no appetite although I am no longer vomiting. I drink water chamomile tea and have a piece of toast to eat. that is about it since Saturday at 1am. Any clue to what I am touching that is so painful all the way to my back. Is this a virus? or something else?
output: Hello, You may be suffering from back muscle spasm or infection with virus or electrolyte imbalance etc. Take rest, avoid smoking and alcohol intake. Use painkiller medication if necessary. Use cold and warm compression. If symptoms not improved please consult your doctor he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi i am 20 years old and I have had stomach aches that feel like cramps in my lower abdomin for about 3 months now and recently its been gas and I have been peeing a lot. Im not sure whats wrong I took a pregnancy test and It said negative.. so whats wrong with me?
output: Hi, Thanks for your history - cramps in lower abdomen for 3 months, gases and frequency of urination. I would advise you:: Blood-complete blood picture, kidney functions tests, blood sugar fasting and post-lunch, Urine-routine, microscopy, culture and sensitivity (before start of antibiotic)Ultrasonography of abdomen. This will help to get a diagnosis whether this is intestinal infection of chronic sort like IBS, tuberculosis or Diverticulitis; and urinary tract infection or bladder stone or PID-pelvis inflammatory disease. Proper diagnosis will lead us to a proper treatment. IF required you may need a Contrast enhanced CT scan of the abdomen.

input: Hi, my lower back usually is sore. Im only 17 and already have back pains. But today, Ive been having lower pains by my spin, but of to the right a little, near my butt. Usually when I have back pains, I lay on a hard flat surface and it feels like my back shifts into place, but this time when I did it, it cracked about 7 times, then I felt a major pain so I rolled over to my stomach, cried for a few seconds, and stood up. I thought the pain was gone, til I started walking around again? I already been told my back was mis aligned. but I have no clue what this is.
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. From description, it seems you might be suffering Mechanical back pain. It is a common medical problem. Mechanical back pain implies the source of pain is in the spine and/or its supporting structure. The surrounding muscles and ligaments may develop reactive spasm and pain.1. Lie on hard bed2. Taking muscle relaxants in combination with mild painkillers will help you.3. Hot water fomentation to back 2-3 times a day and applying a local analgesic gel on the affected area will also help in providing a relief.4. Physiotherapy - Inferential therapy (IT) to your back will help you relieve the pain5. Avoid Chat Doctor.  These activities can increase your back pain. You can start with swimming and mild aerobic exercises. These do help a lot in the back pain. Do adequate warming up before starting the exercises daily. Taking calcium and vitamin D 3 supplements will also help in early recovery. You can get these prescribed from your orthopedic. Hope this will help you. Feel free to ask me if you have any further queries. Wish you good health. Take care. Regards

input: Hi, I m an 8 year colon cancer survivor. I had my colon removed at initial diagnosis and have been very healthy since then. June of 2011 I say block stools for two weeks after some hard training for a race. A blood test indicated I was anemic. I took some medicine for a month and my numbers returned to normal. This June and July I saw black stools again and my numbers were low. I ve had upper scops and a camera pill that show nothing major, just slight erosions of the esophogus. I have not seen any block stools since July (not Sept) but my Hemoglobin is still at 12.6. I ve been on Prilosec for 3 months now and it doesn t seem to be helping. I mountain bike very hard (race too) and play volleyball alot. About 6-10 hours of excercise a week. I feel ok although I am not as fast on the bike as I used to be. My question is, what do you think I should be asking my docs to look at now and is it safe to keep pushing my body with a 12.6 hemoglobin count? I ve read this can put strain on the body. Thanks.
output: Normal hemoglobin level for men is 13.8 to 18.0 g/DL. Your hemoglobin of 12.6 is not that low and upper GI endoscopy is normal. But since u had colon cancer in past I would suggest u undergo colonoscopy and blood for CEA test. Yearly CT scan of chest and whole abdomen should also be done for colon cancer. Regards and Take care

input: My sister goes to the oncologist Thursday after additional tests to confirm aortic cancer. I have never heard of this cancer and have gotten little even general understanding from the internet. Can you possibly enlighten me as to what it is , the prognosis (aggressive, treatment, rare, etc.)? Virginia Lanter
output: Hi dear. I also have not heard of any variety of such cancer. You should send other reports to get more information. A cancer arising from aorta may be referred to as aortic cancer. Depending on its extent surgery may be done to have cure.

input: My dad was recently diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer that has also spread to the liver . The cancer in size are the size of a grain of rice. I have seen charts where cancer starts out like a grain of rice,pea,grape ect.. all the way up to a golf ball. So my question is : Does the size of the cancer mean that he has a greater chance of survival with treatment now because the cancer is still so small? Or in a stage 4 diapnoses the size of the cancer doesn t matter.....
output: Hi, In some sort of cancer even in stage 4 cancer there is chance of complete cure. But unfortunately pancreatic cancer is not of this category. Stage 4 disease has guarded prognosis. Now some more information will be helpful like his liver function test, no. of liver metastasis, routine blood test to have a more elaborate discussion. Anyway size of primary in pancreas matters little in the setting of metastatic disease. Consult your doctor.

input: My neck broken pipe from from the rooftop six and 600 pounds Crush push my head into Manchester airport Halo intrigue me for two days then they proceeded to go into the back of my neck I got 4 rods tutus and bunches screws no mobility two months later I got osteomyelitis real bad case into my bones and blood I feel like I m get again and I m sick all the time why is this happening
output: Hi, thanks for the brief history of you. Since you mentioned the osteomyelitis you have been diagnosed at a later stage post surgery then you may have an infection persisting in blood cells as well. There are chances you get infection frequently. Why don't you meet up the surgeon and discuss if you can do some exercises. As EXERCISES will help you to boost your metabolism and help you avoid frequent infections. It is even important that you do exercises under guidance because of the neck injury you had in the past. The improvement in the metabolic and immune system will help you feel stronger and healthier. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery.

input: I have anxiety. At my Dr appt. yesterday my bp was 138/96 and my pulse rate 98. Previous 2 appointments over last year or so was 138/96 and 138/94. Im concerned, but doctor just seems to think anxiety, yet due to anxiety I can feel my heart racing multiple times throughout the day. I feel sick.
output: Hi, I can understand the distress you might be having due to anxiety. Anxiety disorders can lead to multiple symptoms like worries, palpitations, sweating, tremors, Blood pressure fluctuations, etc. I suggest you seek a psychiatric consultation for the same. Baseline investigations like complete blood counts, thyroid profile and ECG would be required to rule out any underlying medical conditions. Treatment with medications like selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors will be helpful in your condition. In addition, you should start exercising daily. That will help in reduction of anxiety. Hope this information was helpful. Best wishes.

input: Hi , my son is 3 years 3 months old he has allergy and uses levolin puff . His spasm is not acute but often suffers with it during change of season. recently he has been prescribed Budecort 200 two puffs twice daily for three months. I am a little uncomfortable with the use of steroid at this age he weighs 20 kgs and is almost 3 feet tall. Want your advice regarding the side effects
output: Hi, I admire your positive outlook regarding the query. For asthma management, physicians need to advice various medications which depends on its severity and control.>Leveling acts by dilating air passages and relieves acute breathlessness.>On the other hand, Decor which is an steroid act by reducing inflammation which prevents as well as controls frequent asthma symptoms. It has some side effects like fungal infections of mouth and throat (Candidiasis). Systemic steroid effects on higher doses like mood changes, hyperglycemia, smell & taste disturbances, osteoporosis etc. Your son has been prescribed Decor two puffs of 200 micrograms twice daily that means a total of 800 micrograms which equals to 0.8 mg only. Moreover, very little amount of steroid is absorbed as it is used via inhalation.Therefore, its side effect is almost negligible except candidiasis. That is why your child is advised to gurgle his mouth with plain water after taking puffs which will prevent candidiasis. I presume that a diagnosis of probable asthma has been made and given proper medicine accordingly. Hope this answers your query. Wishing your son good health.

input: I m desperate to find a specialist in the Pittsburgh, PA or surroundings, who specializes in treating black mold illnesses. My daughter is very ill due to spending 1 year in an apartment where the landlord refused to do anything about it. Some of her illnesses include: severe muscle pain, loss of hair, impaired vision (getting worse), breathing problems especially at night, 14 or 15 yeast infection in one year, some bleeding from her rectum, blurred vision, extreme fatigue etc..... I need help and advice. Please help me to help her. Who can we contact. We have exhausted every possibility that we know.
output: You should meet certain specialist and take their opinion on the same issue. A few I can mention. Meet a dermatologist, a pulmonologist, a cardiologist, a general physician, a physical medicine rehab specialist. Lastly after these people have a proper communication within their own parameters your child will be helped better. Do talk about the fatigue issue. As a physical therapist might help with simple exercise to balance the fatigue issue.

input: So, today me and partner had sex. This is not the first time we had sex and every time we have had sexual intercourse we have been careful and used a condom while I have also been on birth control. This is the first month I have been off of the pill. Today while we were having sex, the condom ripped at the top. We believe that the head of his penis was only exposed for about 1-3 minutes before he pulled out and we realized what happened. 3 minutes being the most. We are absolutely positive that he did not cum inside of me but there is a pretty good chance that there was pre-cum. My period is due in two weeks. What do you think the chances of me being pregnant are?
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for posting your query. If you are so pretty sure that the semen did not enter, then congratulations you need not worry. We have seen so many such cases and I can say more than 90% of the times, you are safe. And as you say, we shall wait for your dates and once you have periods this time, just forget it. If not, you can contact me. Will guide you on further details. Don't worry. Contact back If you have some more queries.

input: hi my child is 3 yrs old and is suffering from cough and cold from last two weeks. The doctor had suggested for omnocortil for 3 days and augmentin for 10 days. its a week now but still his chest is congested,he used to take nebulisation with budecort and asthalin but still he is not getting rid of the cough he has stil got flum inside.now the doctor is sugges ting for foracort inhaler 100.is it safe to give puffs for my child,need ur suggestion
output: Young child Chat Doctor.  If he continues to be breathless, continue with nebulization with Stalin and decor. You may repeat a course of omnacortil for 3 to 5 days. Different manufacturers have different guidelines regarding use of forecourt in child

input: I am a 54 yr old african american male. with diabetes. I have been keeping in check lately. For the past month I have had this pain sensation in my r. thigh. The pain is if I have a 1000 + needles stabbing into the front of my thigh. I have a numbness on the outside of the same thigh. I also get this sensation of water or liquid running across the front of the same thigh. What is going on ?
output: Hello, These sensations are neurogenic pain. There may be imbalance of blood glucose level which may because for this. High blood glucose may lead to naturopathies. I shall advise you to check blood glucose level frequently. If it is normal then you should consult to a neurophysician for help.Meanwhile, you may have acetaminophen preparation for relief. In our routine outdoor practice for relief of such pain I used to prescribe pregabalin preparations. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have seasonal bronchitis whicChatDoctores yearly once or twice in the rainy or cold season. I use ampicillin based tablets ....can you suggest me the best medicine.Symptoms: Running nose sometimes or blocked nose sometimes, severe cough, sometimes body pains (may be due to severe continuous cough) but someitmes occasional cougChatDoctores. SLight fever so I use sinarest tablet.
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Mostly according to history you have allergic or seasonal rhinitis with respiratory involvement. Continue using antihistamine Chat Doctor. Meanwhile, take more fruits and more water. Green leafy vegetable are helpful. Avoid smoking strictly as it can aggravate condition. Take healthy nutritional diet. Steam inhalation will be helpful in relieving congestion. If condition still severe then leukotrien antagonist 

input: Hi there I have a painful lump under my jaw line on the left hand side, it sort of pops out when I move my head downwards, it moves around and is painful when I touch it, then it will pop back under my jaw line and I have trouble finding it, do I need to see my g.p? Thanks
output: Hi, This is mostly likely a lymph node. These can enlarge with infection even when the infection is very mild. There are many in the head and neck area. They are often tender when touched. You do not need to see your doctor. It will disappear over the next week.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Sir, I have girl child 5 years old,  last 5-6 days she was not feeling well. occasionally she had fever, cough & cold, . now all symptoms gone by using T-minac, Combiflam, & Ampi-Coxicillin. she looks OK other times now, but when given food for eating she coughs and omits the food. & now feeling weakness. please telll me, can I use Ondensetron & Azithromycin & apitizer ?
output: Hello. I have gone through your question. Yes you can use Ondansetron syrup 2 mg/5ml, 5ml three times a day on empty stomach. Donor give azithromycin as of now. If the condition does not resolve, or she develops some fever, then start with an antibiotic like norfloxacin 100 mg.5ml. 5ml three times a day. You can give an appetizer as well. I hope this helps. If you have any other queries/question please feel free to ask. Thanks and wish your daughter a healthy life.

input: I have had pain in my upper left abdomen - mid region to the left, at the bottom of my ribs. It feels like fullness there, not in my stomach just near the ribs. It also leaves my ribs feeling like they are bruised. I have recently been feeling dizzy and my eyes jump on occasions, and have nausea as well as feeling like I have a mild blackout feeling not enought to black out but like you do when you get when quickly sometimes.
output: I MAY BE DUE TO INDIGESION YOU CAN TAKE HIGVASTAK CHURNA 1TEASPOON 2 TIMES FOR 1WK.

input: hello, im a 22 year old male, i have had sudden testicular pain in my right testicle, first felt like i was kicked in the balls, now the pain changed, feels like the pain is in the veins, i had a blood test and ultrasound and both tested negative..what can this pain be ? thank you for your help
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some infection like epididymis orchids, or you may have torsion of testis. You should go for examination. If needed to take a course of antibiotics. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hello, I ve had an itchy throat with constant coughing, sometimes very harsh, and sneezing with clear exudate, and I ve been afebrile. It is very bothersome. The constant coughing and sneezing and runny nose keeps me awake at nite. I ve been eating coujgh drops like crazy just to soothe my throat. Any suggestions? Allergies? Sinusitis? Definite post nasal drip , sometimes thick, sometimes thin and watery and always clear.
output: Hello this is  ChatDoctor. 

input: I am 19 After I donated blood i felt angry all of a sudden but i felt really light too not light headed like i could move faster and i noticed that i took notice of every thing around me like myy sense became a bit hightened from the experence should I be concerned?
output: Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. If I am your doctor I suggest you that blood donation won't cause such a reaction. We had carried out many blood donation camps from many years but we haven't find even a single case of such whicChatDoctorplaints of short leopardess. Donating a blood is a very good and noble cause. Do as much you can give. Also inspire for your known for blood donation. I will be happy to answer your further concerned can contact me. Chat Doctor. Infectious disease specialist. Thank you.

input: i am from agartala, tripura. last one and half months, i am suffering from right back pain severely. whenever stand-up after sitting a long time in a chair or bed then i feel pain that my nerve is going to be hanged. after few minutes this is going to be normal. when i walking there is no pain in my right legs.i was suggested two-three doctors from orthopaedic specialist ground but no result found at all. please help me
output: Dear patient First of all what is your age? Have you met with accident or trauma? Any investigation done? Since back pain is for 2 months and not relieved with Chat Doctor.  MRI gives details of disc, nerves and even bones. So visit a radiology center and request MRI asap. Till then start tab diclofenac plus thiocolchicoside combination twice a day for pain relief plus tab vita 12 plus pregabalin 75 mg at bedtime for 10 days.  Both 

input: I have two infected teeth at the moment, swollen glands are present as well. They re abscessed, I m sure. So, my question is this: I have full scripts of both 500mg Cefuroxime as well as 500mg Amoxicillin. I can t get to the dentist until this Friday and I need to start a round of something NOW, because, for obvious reasons, the dentist will not pull teeth as infected as mine presently are. I m sure that the Amoxicillin would be the best choice, even though the Cefuroxime is stronger. But, I ve taken and stopped Amoxicillin so many times in the past that I m sure I ve built up a resistance to it. So, which one do I start? I know I need to get to the dentist, but please, which would you recommend?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting the query, I would suggest you to take tab almost Cleveland BD and tab diclofenac BD for 3-5 days, instead of the given medications. Antibiotics and analgesics will give a temporary relief unless the tooth is treated with Root canal treatment you will face pain and infection, I would suggest you to consult a nearby Dentist get an x-ray done and start with the treatment. Hope you find this as helpful, Take care!

input: hi. My 15 year old girl has been waking up sat, sun and today with swelling in her fingers, and ankles and complains of itching different parts of body, feet, hands, and tops of legs, back. I think she has been laying in bed too long, prolonged sitting, and drinking lots of chocolate/banana smoothies, not enough water. I have told her to move around, drink water, and back off on smoothies in diet, I also told he she could take benedryll liquid and apply cream. Any other suggestions?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint sudden swelling in fingers and ankles along with itching or Urticaria in different body parts seems to be most probably be due to allergic reaction to some unknown allergen. It can be due to a number of things certain insect/bug bites, poison ivy, skin cosmetics, detergents, foods, leather, latex, medicines etc. It can also be due to mite infestation causing Scabies. I would suggest you to consult an Allergist and get evaluated and a thorough clinical evaluation and blood tests can help in confirming the diagnosis and treatment can be planned accordingly. You can be advised to take anti allergic like Allegra or Clarity, apply steroid ointment, do cool compresses over the body and apply calamine lotion. In case of Scabies you can be advised to apply Preterit lotion and take Ivermectin. You can also be advised anti allergic along to relieve itching. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a healthy 33 year old woman, but I have been feeling odd lately and was wanting some ideas as to what it could be....I have been experiencing lower back pain, cramping in my lower abdomen, swelling of my hands and feet, dizziness, am more tired than usual and in general just feel kind of lousy.  Any ideas?
output: That could be a number of things. Have you changed anything like your diet? Are you constipated? Could explain cramping & swelling, (less intake of salt). The question everyone will ask: are u pregnant? Have you experienced any weight gain as well? If these symptoms persist & become bothersome. See your 

input: I had cervical cancer Stage 2B in 2008. I m now considered in remission even though last years PAP my doctor said came back abnormal. He said that as long as my cell count was below 32 I would still be considered in remission. I m confused. Do I have a new type of cancer? Does this mean I m only considered out of remission when the cell count is high enough for them to treat?
output: Hi and thank you so much for this query. It is difficult to tell what your doctors are referring to as remission. What treatment options were to offered after the diagnosis of this cancer? Also, what were the immediate controls after the treatment. Are the counts still same or are they increasing? If they are still same and not increasing, then there is no reason to get worried. However, if the counts are increasing, even below the mentioned 32, it is enough reason to get concerned. I hope this helps. I wish you well. Thank you so much for using our services and do feel free to ask for more information and clarifications if need be.

input: Hi, I have been in hospital for 5 days for asthma. Treatment , hi dose soloemedrol iv, and antibiotic iv, and other meds. I m at my house now but I m feeling very sick, can t stop shaking, can t stand up very week, fast heart beat, BP 137/97 blood sugar 290 Dry mouth. Should I be concern? I m 51 years old and lupus With a double standing DNA off 290
output: Hi, Thank you for your query. I can understand your concerns. I need to know whether you are taking also beta-a Chat Doctor. 

input: A week before I start my period I get extremely agitated and irritable. Than I get a very sharp back ache on my lower back.when my flow becomes heavy I begin to feel very light headed, unable to focus poor memory and tunnel vision where I instantly and very strongly want to fall asleep. Its brief but happens often. I feel very fatigued, cant tolerate the cold very well. I will suffer from heartburn causing lots of nausea. I get loose stools the entire time I am on my period where I visit the bathroom 4 or 5 times a day just for that. When I near the end I get a migraine where I am stuck in bed sometimes for two days. Usually one full day. Its there anything I can do?
output: Hi, It appears that you have amenorrhea, to its maximum extent, it may be due to the infection, and anxiety, or may be due to the ovarian condition.  I advise you to consult a gynecologist for diagnosis and treatment. Once the infection and amenorrhea is controlled you will be free of anxiety and motions and migraine. Thank you.

input: hi..am 58 yrs old man. i have high fever 102-104 degree celsius since four days..have burning sensation while passing urine. the same problem happened to me in oct 2010. i got my urine test done,the report of which says pus cells as numerous.. protein 1+ glucose  1+.. if u cud plz guide me if i am nt having any major problem ?
output: Hi, You are having severe urinary tract infection. Kindly get a direct check-up with your physician including urine culture. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.  Radhakrishnan. Nair, ORGAN

input: Hi my 2 year old is going for an op to remove a lump in his groin, dont know when as he seen the specolist last thursday but since then his hair has starting 2 fall out alot, went 2 the local doctors yesterday and said leave it for a month and if it gets worse bring him back! Me and my wife a so worrid as they dont know what the lump is or the reson why he is loesing alot of hair
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: sir i am 45 yearss leady. i am a bp patient, i had my tmt two months back.my dr. told me that after two months again we will go for it. my doctor has told me that nothing is to worry. he has not prescribed any medicine also. now i am afraid ,sir does it mean that i am havin blockage in my heart.jarchana@
output: Hello, The general validity of a TMT is 12-18 months, so if you have done is just recently, and it was normal you may not repeat it, however your doctor would have planned a review if the last TMT was borderline, or your blood pressure may have shot up, or you were unable to walk to the desired level of activity.  However, you need not worry about it as till now you haven't done a TMT, and the last was good according to the information provided . Even if your TMT comes positive there are still 30% change that the report is false positive.  So don't take unnecessary stress of the future. Hoping I could help. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: My father (age 75) has mouth disease symptoms like purpule blue colour appreance in one side of toung and gingivitis and pain in chest , he cant able to eat any soild food. pls give me your valuble guidlines and treatment required for this ?
output: Hi Elumalai, How are your fathers general health? BP/diabetes/cardiac/renal problems? Visit an Oral medicine specialist ASAP to ascertain what the cause of his problems are. Once oral infection is cleared, he will be able to eat better. Meanwhile, use TATUM mouthwash/McCoppin ointment 20 min before meals to prevent discomfort. Oral infection has been known to aggravate chest/heart problems so do not delay the Chat Doctor. Thanks & best wishes to your father

input: H I. i am 37 yo and i have had abdomanal pain in my right side for about three months now and the pain is really bad at night it wakes me up , it is like a bad stitch. i have my gallbladder removed about 10 mnths ago and i have a cycts on my left ovarie , my mother died from ovarian cancer and im a bit concerned
output: HI. When you are a diagnosed case of an ovarian cyst, this becomes the most probable reason in spite of the fact that you have pain on the right side of the abdomen and the ovarian cyst is on the left ovary. Other reasons of pain in right side like appendicitis, colitis, nephritis, lymph node mass, salpingitis and ovarian problem can be diagnosed on ultrasonography and be confirmed with CT scan. Once the probable diagnosis is made you can go for a diagnostic Laparoscopy and undergo definite surgery if need be, You can ask for the tumor marker tests since you have a history of cancer in the family.

input: My friend was with his girl the other day and they were making out. They were lying on top on one another. The guy was naked but the girl had her underwear on. After a while the guy noticed that his cum was on her underwear. There were few patches of cum . The penis wasnt inserted in the vagina but the cum was on her underwear. Change of pregnancy? My friends worried
output: Hello, I think there is no pregnancy possibility through your description.  Most probably the girl is not pregnant because of non-penetrative sex.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: occasional blood spots in my urine, not on a daily basis. now I noted a back pain, it seems like to my left hip, I am feeling the pain when getting up from a sitting position and walking, I am not taking any pain meds, my only medication is Fosamax with Vit D once a week. Please help.
output: Fullback pain and occasional blood in urine may be due to renal calculus, urinary tract infection etc. You need clinical correlation and investigations like routine hologram, renal function test, Urine RE/ME, Urine culture and sensitivity and Ultrasound of abdomen. Ultrasound is important, and it can exclude many possibilities. CT scan can be done if needed. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: sir,my sistar son is 8 years old boy he is not very well from 8 days today we cheked the blood the report is hemoglobin is 5.4 ,rbc count.1.57,platelate count-2,88,ooo/, peripheral blood smear-moderatly hypochromic rbcs shows anisopoikilocytosis,no of microcyte,macrocyte,ovilocytes, tear drop & target cell seen impression ;dimorphic anemia s/o iron b12 & folic acid defecincy. sir please informe me, what is it situation?& is it treatment available or not?.
output: Hi...by what you quote this seems to be a nutritional anemia, but to be specific he needs to be investigated further. The test I recommend would be Hemoglobin electrophoresis, hemoglobin indices and serum folic acid and B12 levels. With so low hemoglobin (5.4g%), he might even require a blood transfusion. Once diagnosis of nutritional anemia is made it is treatable. Regards - 

input: Hi for the past two years I ve noticed a dark spot perfectly round and blister like the first day it appears the second day just a black dot I ve prob had a total of 15 not all at once just over the past two years.. and I noticed the same thing in my 3 yr olds nephews mouth yesterday and freaked out what is it? help :(
output: maybe they are nevus or mole or caf au lait spots one need to see to make a diagnosis and I advise to show to a dermatologist to make it clear.

input: I ve had severe pain in my left side for several weeks. I went to ER about it and they said it was likely from coughing. This morning I sneezed and something happened and it was such severe pain i nearly blacked out. It s still much worse ever since. Very difficult to move around without making it much worse and even breathing can be very painful. It s extremely tender to the touch too. Not sure what to make of it but I have no insurance or money and i can t just keep going to ER, besides they don t do anything. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks, Michele P.S. I cannot take any NSAIDS because of previous bleeding stomach ulcers. I m 34 yrs old in case that matters. Thanks again.
output: Hi It is Costco Chat Doctor.  Any anti inflammatory and analgesic with anti histamine will be helpful.

input: i have arthiristis in my hands which started about a year ago. My hands have gone from bad to worse as there and knots and pain. also in the last 6 months my hands swell to the point it feels like they separate from my arms and the way they feel as well it is like having balloms as hands instead of hands. it was and has been so bad in the mornings when i get up it is also very hard to use them. Now it is happening more though out the day as well. i also have Dystonia which has effected a lot of things as well as my hands for a while now. That was going on before the swelling which also caused a great deal of difficulty with my hands along the way. My speach is also effected to the point so many whom don t know me or have they meet me before believe i have been drinking and i am drunk. I don t drink. Thanks for any answers you can help me with. XXXX
output: Hello, Slurred speech is indicative of nervous system disorder (neuropathy). Other conditions can be brain injury, brain tumor, weakness of facial muscles or nerve damage, stoke, Multiple Sclerosis, etc. Since you have arthritis, follow your doctors prescription & treatment. Avoid sedentary life, stay active. Do exercise & take vitamin E supplements so that your joints stay lubricated. For slurring of speech you are suggested not to neglect but get clinically examined by a Neurologist & get Nerve conduction tests, blood tests, imaging tests & nerve biopsy if needed. Take vitamin B6, B12 rich food or supplements. Get treated at the earliest. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello, this is my question. I am a regular plasma donor at a facility here where I live. Every 4 months they take a blood sample to be sent off for a protein analysis, it usually takes 10 days to get the sample back. Normally I know when the sample will be taken so I take 10 days off from donating at all before and the sample always comes back fine (because I am older, 40, weight 153 and I  guess donating lowers my protein levels). I have had 2 samples come back recently with a protein of 5.9 (needs to be 6.0 or higher) and I am wondering what it is I need to be doing/and or changing to ensure that my levels are in range. Also, how is this different from the screening test they do every time I go in to donate to test my microhemocrotit? I have been out of range a couple times recently on that and was told to eat iron-rich foods. I am now including an iron supplement with my daily vitamins. I would appreciate any help or advice you could give, I am frustrated. Thank you!
output: DEAR SIR/MADAME BLOOD PLASMA PROTEINS INCLUDE ALBUMIN AND GLOBULIN WHICH FUNCTIONS FOR MAINTAINING.1. MAINTAINING COLLOIDAL PRESSURE - BLOOD PRESSURE2. ANTIBODY PRODUCTION WHICH FIGHTS INFECTIONS - DETERMINE IMMUNITY3. ESSENTIAL FOR MAINTAINING RENAL PERFUSION WHICH HELPS IN CONCENTRATION OF URINE AND MAINTAINING URINE OUTPUT.THESE DEFICIENCIES ARE COMMON IN 1. ANEMIA WITH HYPOPROTIENEMIA2. INCREASED PROTEIN LOSS IN KIDNEYS DUE TO FUNCTIONAL KIDNEY DISEASESUPPLEMENTATION OF IRON WITH OTHER MICROBITCOINS MIGHT BE OF VERY LITTLE IMPORTANCE AS THE MAIN PROBLEM IS DEFICIENCY OF PROTIENYOUR VALUES ARE NOT TOO LOW AND ALSO WHEN YOU FREQUENTLY GIVE BLOOD DONATIONS THEN OBVIOUSLY IT VARIES.SO PROPER PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTATION WHICH IS OF ANIMAL ORIGIN LIKE EGG WHITE ARE RICH IN ALBUMIN WHICH RESTORES THE DEFICIENT LEVELS.EVEN VEGETABLE PROTEINS MIGHT BE OF SOME HELP. BUT I PREFER PROTEINS OF ANIMAL ORIGIN.THANKS

input: I took Cipro for UTI, and it came back a few days later, so I took it a second week. My symptoms were frequent need to urinate, even when there was hardly any liquid, and occasionally I would have blood on my panty liners, just a few drops, usually brought on by walking on a treadmill or moving around a lot. My need to urinate has improved, but still every 10-15 minutes when I get up, and about every hour after that. it is more frequent after I have had something to drink. I mostly drink water. I have a few drops of blood every day. I have no pain or burning, no fever. I am finishing up a candida supplement I have taken for 2 weeks.
output: I suggest you to have a cultural test of your purines: it is possible that you have an infection that is resistant to Ciprofloxacin, and with this exam you could have the possibility to know what bacterium is causing your infection and doing a specific antibiotic therapy. I also suggest you to check if the blood comes from purines or other part of your body.

input: Hi I am 27 years old andam experiencing perineum pain that is very intense for 10-15 seconds. This pain is only brought on by landing on my feet from a jump or sneezing hard. So only sudden movements cause the problem. After 15 seconds the pain goes away as if it never happened.
output: HAI. This is due to increase I'm abdominal pressure compressing on the perineum, , dueto sneezing, jumping etc.It's nothing to worry. U can try with simple painkillers like ibuprofen to reduce if it is really bothering u, if it still persistent pls meet a general surgeon

input: I have a skin rash that developed on my legs and now is on my arms and wrists, they can be very itchy, they look like red dots, my nuetrophilis is 9.9 my wbc is 12.4 hemoglobinn 115 and rdw is 15.1. could my blood work be a reason this is happening?
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI appreciate your concern the rash that you are having is not because of the blood parameters, but this could be allergic rash that might have developed due to the hypersensitivity reaction, if I would be your doctor then I would treat this condition with the following medicine, 1) Tab Levocetrizine 10 mg three times in day if the symptoms persistence or appears again then this is to be seen by the dermatologist, hope this information helps you, have a nice day.

input: Hi doctor,I had a small growth like in my thigh near anal part.  It was first observed in year 2010 and was slightly increasing its size very slowly.  But it was soft in nature.  Now it is about 1.8 cms in diameter. Today suddenly I felt that it became slightly harder as if it is pressure filled.  I have Piles.  But no treatment has been taken till now.  Is it dangerous that tonight itself should I visit the hospital.  Advise please.  I have high blood pressure also normally.
output: Hi. This looks to be a prolapsed pile which has gone into thrombosis. No need to worry. Take some painkillers. Have site bath in warm water. It is a good idea to visit a hospital to see the blood pressure. If you have a history of high blood pressure you have to take a regular treatment under the care of a Physician so that if the surgery is required you can be for surgery. Also, you will be checked to see the lump and confirm a diagnosis.

input: What is diffuse cerebral atrophy hair sir my child age 2 months and from last 1 week we consulted neurologist after ct scan told it was due to cerebral atrophy sequalae of perinatal ischemia can u explain what is cerebral atrophy can we cure it can my child normal again plz explain
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorcerebral atrophy means decrease of brain size(fewer cells, neurons etc.). Cerebral atrophy can not be reversed. Your baby needs developmental, rehabilitative, neurologic care, and early intervention services so that the best possible outcome can be achieved, how much can be achieved depends upon degree of damage to child. Normal development as on a normal child can not be achieved, the best possible development for your child should be tried. Thanks

input: Hi I have depression and my doc gave me viibryd 40ng that I tack for two years and now he gave me for depressesion latuda 20mg to take with the viibryd and I read about this Madison on this web that say that this Madison it s for bipolar and or schizophrenia So I don t understand is this Madison can help for depression?
output: His had gone through your query. Really you are diagnosed with depression. Because Tab Laura contains lurasidone, and it is anti psychotic medicine. It can be used in bipolar disorder and psychotic illness. It can be used sometimes in bipolar depression. You can discuss with your Doctor and get further help. Still have a query then feel free to ask. Thank you.

input: hello doc, My mother,55 has been a hypertensive from the past 12-13 yrs.She was started on amlodipine 2.5 and she did fine for 3-4yrs when she started having acute cough.Amlodipine was changed to Nifedipine and the cough subsided.For another 3-4yrs she was doing well when her legs started becoming edematous.Nifedipine was then changed to hydrochlorthiazide and her BP has been perfect until the past 6 months when it shot to 145/90.Inspite of increasing the dose there was no difference so she was kept on telmisartan40mg+hydrochlorthiazide.Even now the BP does not seem to come down and it shows a value of around 145/90.She does not have any other complaints (except for urinary incntinence for which she has not yet started any medication),her heart and kidney profiles hav also come out clear.Can u suggest a gud combination and is the BP at an alarming level? thank you
output: Hi,You can increase telmisartan dosage from 40gm to 80 mg along with hy ChatDoctor. Take care

input: my 1 year old daughter has red blotchy rash mostly on her stomach and chest . it appears mostly after baths and seems to be painful when inflamed. lotion or oil seems to make it worse. we have tried several different soaps - johnson s moisture therapy , aveeno, and aquaphor baby soaps. We have tried eucerin extreme dry skin lotion, aquaphor ointment, johnsons s creme lotion and regular lotion, and all cause the red raised rash to become even more inflamed and painful... please help!
output: Skin is sensitive you should use non-toxic ointments creams and soaps it should be without proteins it should be not free milk free soda free you a use petroleum jelly for Chat Doctor. 

input: my age is 30, im taking medicine for BP blood pressure for last 2 year amalodipin 2.5, my BP is 90/110.Now im facing new problem as cholesterol last few months i was checking my cholesterol increase every month now its Total 257, my HDL-31 and LDL-195 VLDL- 31,Non HDL cholostrol 226. should i take medicine for this..?this medicine may effect liver.....? how many months have to take this, im going to get married next month..please help.
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Your age is younger, and you have now blooded pressure 110 / 90 which is good. You have not mentioned previous blood pressure before 2 year since you are taking Chat Doctor. Yes amlodipine slowly eliminate from body. So can affect liver.LFT done to check whether liver affected or not. You can take lifestyle measures and gradually leave 

input: Hi, I recently went for a blood test for pain near my GB and re flux. My ALT and AST botChatDoctore back around 60. I didn t realize I was going for a blood test the night before, and had maybe 6 beers at dinner. Could this have falsely effected the results? I went as I was experiencing abdominal pain near the gall bladder location. Thanks, David
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. I am Chat Doctor. K and I am pleased to assist you. Yes, the liver enzymes AST and ALT can increase due to alcohol intake. The high AST and ALT enzymes are not just due to the 6 beers you had the night before but may be due to 

input: Hello, I have developed a dark rash in the creases of my genital area and it itches really bad. I thought it was dry skin, but even when I put coconut oil or Vaseline on it, it doesn t help. The skin also has dry white patches. I have not been sexually active in over 2 years and I noticed it happening when I shaved my genital area completely bald. Please help!!!
output: Hi, It seems that probably you may be having candida intertwine. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. It may be precipitated by perspiration, wetness and soap. Poor hygiene and poor immunity promote the diseases.  Apply antifungal cream like Clotrimazole cream. Take the Ketoconazole tablet. Cleanse the area with diluted Detail liquid. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My husband is 66, insulin dependent diabetic and controlled blood sugar who had a 90 minute massage this morning and following the massage, he felt dizzy, was pale, clammy and sweating and felt nauseated. His blood pressure was 148/74 and pulse was 78.
output: Hello, From the description, it appears like a fairly severe hypoglycemic episode. Was the blood glucose checked following the episode? Sometimes in patients on insulin and with a very strict blood glucose control, there can be such hypoglycemic episodes. It is better to give a closer look at his diet, blood glucose levels and Insulin dosage. So, as to prevent further such episodes. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: my son has fallen in love with agirl whose brother suffers from choreia . Isn,t it dangerous for him to marry that lady? I mean the heridatery factor .IS IT POSSIBLE TO FIND OUT IT THROUH ANALYSES? DEAR doctor my son is 35 years old.he wants to mary agirl who has a slight problem in her right hand and also in speech. The thing is that the girl, brother suffers from vivid choreia on left side. What are we to expect if he really marries the girl?
output: DearWelcome to ChatDoctorWe understand your concerns went through your problem description. You have nothing to worry, I feel. Chorea is an abnormal involuntary movement disorder, and is a neurological disorder. It shows genetic affiliation only with Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder that leads to toxic levels of copper in the body. You can have the girl checked for that. But it is better to give them permission if they are already determined. You cannot foresee what is going to happen in the future and therefore, don't try to foresee their future. That can cause unnecessary anxiety. They know how to live their life. Please understand. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: The night before last night I laid down on the floor and felt as if I had drank too much water. I then continued to go to bed, and once I laid down in bed, I noticed that my upper stomach (about and inch and a half above my bellybutton) was hurting. I then thought it might be indigestion, so I took tums. That didn t seem to help, and I couldn t fall asleep, so I took some advil, and that kind of helped. I was able to fall asleep. It did not wake me up at all in the night. I awoke to the same pain. This has lasted for almost two days now. This pain has also tended to move over to the right side of my stomach, just below my rib cage. I am wondering if this is appendicitis?
output: Here you have symptoms of pain in stomach from two days daily in night. The cause of this could be related to indigestion, acidity, or it can also be due to kidney stone as well appendicitis. I suggest visiting a doctor if it does not improve with anti acid and change with food habits and timing by keeping it proper as well healthy. Here doctor will ask you for ultrasound of abdomen after proper examination and I suggest going ahead for it for proper diagnosis and plan treatment as per that. Also keep your food habit regular and healthy. Have fruits also in diet. Keep doing daily morning and evening walking for 15-20 minutes. Do not have heavy dinner and keep dinner before 8:00pm daily. I have given here general guideline since the examination is not dine by me, but I am sure this will be useful if you follow it. Take care.

input: sir my son has got small pimple on right hand 5 days back now it has grown and become hard & red i checked with children specilist 2 days back he told it is a bite of some bee or ant but it has spread more i am worriying more YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Five days and it has gotten bigger, harder and red means the area has got some collection of blood with or without pus, and now it is getting infected. The swelling needs to be examined again which may require for the collection to be Chat Doctor.  Ideally by now had it been a simple insect bite the size wouldn't be increasing or getting harder. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi i just recently have been having a problem. i constantly have to rub my big toe and the one next to it together. its on both feet. last night i couldnt sleep for 2 hours because i couldnt stop rubbing my toes together. i needed to put sneakers on just to fall asleep
output: Your problem can be a symptom of obsessive compulsive disorder. If this is irresistible urge, and you get anxious if you don't respond to this urge, you might have OCD.

input: egg got repture size was 15 - 17. Is there is a chance for getting pregnant ???
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor Usually size of Graffias follicle should be 20 mm before it ruptures. Since it has ruptured you can have sex and try if pregnancy can happen. Follow up with your Doctor and also do ultrasound and Pregnancy Test to confirm pregnancy.

input: Hi sir, I m diagnosed with Pneumonitis right mid zone. I have cough and when I vomit a white liquid comes out. my chest also pains when I cough and trying to b breath in air. I have a past history of Bronchial Asthma. Is possible to be cure. I m under medication.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion, you should first get done chest x-ray to rule out pneumonia. Because lung infection is very common in asthma patients. You are also having chest pain on coughing and breathing. This is known as pleurisy and pneumonia is the most common cause for pleurisy. So possibility of pneumonia is more. And pneumonia is infection, so it is definitely curable. You need broad spectrum antibiotics, antihistamines and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Usual time for recovery is 1-2 weeks. So consult doctor and start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hello i have been experience pain in my left upper cheek bone aswell as above my rear causing migrains and dizziness this has never happend to be before and has been going on for about 3 weeks consistantly curious if you have any suggestions? sex:male height:5.10 weight:190lbs age:25
output: Hi, As a first line management you can take analgesics like Paracetamol or Diclofenac for pain relief. If symptoms persist, it is better to consult a physician and get evaluated.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My 8 month old grandson has had a fever off and on for a month.  He had an ear infection and was on anti-biotics.  The ears are clear, urine is clear, and he had a blood test - no results yet.  There is a cat in the house.  What are the symptoms of cat scratch fever?
output: Common symptoms of cat scratch fever include: a bump or blister at the bite or scratch site. Swollen lymph nodes near the bite or scratch site. Fatigue. Headaches. A low-grade fever.

input: My daughter sears haven been pierced for 10+years. Today when she took one pair of earrings out her right ear hole for her earrings started to bleed but the other did not. What would cause it. She put another pair of earrings in her ears today and then tonight took them out and bleed again. We cleaned with wound cleaner and rubbing alcohol and then it stops. Very weird. Please advise any advice you may have.
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint bleeding from airhole can be due to infection in the area of ear-piercing while at times tightly packed earrings can lead to lack of air flow to the area of ear-piercing and can lead to inflammation and slight area of necrosis. I would suggest you to avoid wearing the earrings for a few days and clean the area with antiseptic solution and apply an antibiotic ointment over it. Cool compresses can also be relieving. You should wear earrings a bit loosely fastened so that air can flow easily. You should also wear gold or plastic earrings as they are inert materials and will not cause allergic reaction. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a 60 yr old widow, with no health issues, weigh 126#. Last night I noticed a very dark large reddish-purple bruise on my upper inner thigh, about 2 from the crotch area. I bruise easily, but it s just a very odd place to get a bruise. It almost looks like it s bleeding. I don t recall any injury or anything that may have caused it. It doesn t hurt, doesn t itch. Any reason to be concerned???
output: Hello, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to a coagulation disorder. For this reason, I recommend consulting with your attending physician for a physical exam and performing some blood lab tests (complete blood count, coagulation tests, liver function tests). Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: All night last night I kept waking up to upper abdominal pain. I felt like I needed to burp or get sick. I vomited a few times but havent since. Nothing seems to make it better or worse. Ill be fine for a little bit then all of a sudden my stomach starts to hurt again. its causing my back to hurt right behind the abdominal pain. Any idea?
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, after a clinical assessment of your abdomen and back along with a general physical examination, I would advise you for some routine blood tests like a CBC, blood sugar, serum amylase and lipase, an LFT, blood urea, serum creatinine, an ECG and some radiological investigation like an ultrasound of whole abdomen, X-ray chest and abdomen in upright posture, followed by a CT scan if need be. In the meanwhile, I would relieve your pain with some anti-spasmodic and a proton pump inhibitor Chat Doctor.  Further management would depend on the result of clinical assessment and the investigation reports. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor

input: My 4 year daughter stated she hit her head on the floor. I didnt see it but she has been complaining of a headache. Last night I gave her motrin and she went to bed. This morning she was ok but now she is complaining again and now she is sleeping (nap) which she NEVER does. Should I be worried?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have read your question in detail and I know that you are very concerned about your child. In case of trauma to head of child if their loss of consciousness, seizures, mouth or nose bleed or persistent vomiting, then there are chances of internal bleed or fracture. If these things are not present, then chances of internal bleeding are minimal. Pain at site of trauma may persist for few days. An examination by neurosurgeon is a must. I hope this will help you. Wishing your child good health. Take care.

input: Hi, Over the last several years I have been having issues with my feet and lower legs. The pain in my feet feels down to the bone and most times it is too painful to walk. I have hard masses on the bottoms of my feet (1 each) and on my shins (erythema nadosims - spelling incorrect). My Rheumatologist said that nothing was coming together for a diagnosis several years ago. Now within the last week I am losing strength in both my hands and the ability to grip objects small or large (been dropping things). My blood work showed high calcium levels, lymphs and wbc yet his nurse called me and said that doctor is on vacation but said to call me to say that the blood work looked good and that s it. I am VERY, VERY scared especially with whatever is happening to my hands!!! I have other things going on such as recent acid reflux, carpal tunnel, osteopinia, and knee issues that have me in physical therapy, not sure if they could all be related. Should I be getting a second opinion and be worried about whatever is happening with my hands?
output: Your weakness in hand could be due to CTS. You need to see a good Hand Surgeon for that. But you have multitude of problems. And a thorough look by a rheumatologist is a must.

input: I woke up last night with my heart racing. I was breathing slowly to calm my heart, but it kepts pumping extremely quickly. My depth perception is off and earlier my vision was blurry. I was shaking through all of this. Dad says its an anxiety attack.
output: Hello, This can be anxiety attack but will not wake you up from the sleep, I am keeping it lower down. This can be arrhythmia like PSV or atrial fibrillation, where your heart rate suddenly goes up and BP falls. These are episodic tachycardia and your ECG may be normal if you are not having tachycardia during ECG. You will need evaluation like thyroid test and holder monitoring. You should also get one hemoglobin levels done. So visit nearby cardiologist for this investigation. Also, to abort such episodes you should try to cough hard. Is there any stress or anxiety associated. Till the time your evaluation is complete, you can ask your local doctor for tab collar LA 20 mg once a day. If none of the above is successful then last option is of electrophysiologist studies which is invasive test which can diagnose and treat the arrhythmia permanently in most of the cases. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: dont know yeah I have a pain in my lower left abdominal and I was wondering what it could be I feel weak all the time my veins start aching for no reason,I constantly feel tired and I dont know what to do. whenever the pain starts in my lower left abdominal I start getting dizzy
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. This is insufficient of the history. You should have provided more. Well, if one gets dizzy with the pain on the left side of the abdomen, this can be due to severe colitis. Get a clinical / physical examination by a Doctor and ultrasonography to rule out any other internal problem. A proper diagnosis alone can lead to a proper treatment.

input: Hi Dr., my name is Amber I was wondering if i should go to the emergency room or not could you please help me? I was at work and I felt a little cold so I went to my car to grab a sweatshirt and i tripped while my car door was open and tried to catch my fall and hit the corner of my left eye between my brow bone and eye... it s swollen so i have just been keeping ice on it but should i be worried i can see fine no black outs just really swollen... please help me thank you, Amber
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorI have gone through you your query regarding swelling in the corner of left eye due to hitting. Dear Amber, as far as you're hitting your eye and swelling is concerned it is a matter of concern. Swelling is natural when you get hurt and goes after sometime. You can apply little hot pad on the affected part ad apply a Chat Doctor. You can see well so you need not worry. If you wish you can take advice from your doctor. Hope this helps solves your query. Take care, All the best. Wish Get well soon.Don't hesitate to get back TF have any further query.

input: I have a smallish red spot on the right top edge of my penis head, as well as a blotchy red area on the dorsal side of the shaft, in the top area where I was circumcised. The spots/blotches are painless, do not itchy, and might be very slightly raised, but not very noticeably so. I currently am in a committed relationship and we do not use condoms, but neither of us have ever experienced any problems or concerns regarding STDs. I assume it is some kind of friction irritation, but am concerned it is something more serious.
output: HiT hank you for asking Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query. Pain less spots can be STD like syphilis also. In such case dark field microscopy of swab from lesion helps to identify. A visual examination by a dermatovenerologist also helps. If it is that then antibiotics like doxycycline for 7 days will be helpful. If that is clear then ointments witChatDoctorbination of antifungal like fluconazole, antibacterial like Aureomycin and corticosteroid like dexamethasone will be helpful. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.

input: Dear sir my sister is suffered from fistula in ano from last 6 month..Two operations completed..And last operation was completed through radio surgury.. but sir pus is still discharging..dear sir we r in very tension please suggest whatever is posible.thanks-PANKAJ DUBEY
output: Hello, very pleased to hear from you about the fistula of your sister. Fistula is very notorious in recurrence. If it recurred it is very difficult to operate again. It is recurred even after doing with radio surgery. I am afraid that it will recur again and again. If I am your treating Doctor I advised You to take proper and hygienic care of your sister. That is the only way you can prevent the recurrence. THX

input: My daughter first had LCH of the spine (T4 vertebrae) in 2006, with a recurrence in 2009 (T6 & L1).  Both times it was preceded with intense pain for several months that did not show up on any of the scans.   She is now again in an intense pain cycle without scans showing the cause.  how common is this in histio patients and could this pain now just be her "new normal"?
output: Histiocytosis is a general name for a group of disorders or "syn Chat Doctor. Symptoms in adults may include:Bone pinches painCoughFeverGeneral discomfort, uneasiness, or ill feelingIncreased amount of urineRashShortness of breathiest and increased 

input: Hello, my name is Stanley. I had a seizure last year this time, and was given Levetiracetam (among others). I ran out a few days ago, and feel horrible. Back and shoulder pain, and shortness of breath is happening right now. I am Asthmatic, but I was wondering if I should try to get back on this medication?
output: The seizure medication shouldn't have anything to do with your current symptoms. Hopefully you had your shortness of breath checked out by your doctor. Back and shoulder pain, if you are still having it, could be further evaluated with MRI imaging and your doctors exam. If you are not having seizures, then there is no need to remain on the Levetiracetam.

input: hi, i was at a tennis camp yesterday, and we did a shuffling and running drill to warm up. After this drill my lower back started hurting really bad, and still does. i dont know what i did. do you have any idea? and I have been icing in and have taken ibueprofin but its not helping.
output: Hi, It seems that there might be having severe muscle strain leading to muscular spasm giving this problem. Along with Ibuprofen take some muscle relaxant medicine for 2-3 days. Apply muscle relaxant, analgesic cream locally. Ok and take care.

input: my grandson 23 was in a car accident and suffered a concussion . He was in the hospital for an hour and sent home to be watched for 3 days. Two days later he set fire to his room and tried to kill himself. He is now in the hospital lock up room and hears voices. No alcohol or drugs in his system at either time. He has been depressed before all this happened and won t tell his parents why. Are the voices and attempted suicide from the accident alone?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your question... Since you say that he had been depressed even before the accident, it is more likely that his current psychiatric symptoms are related to the depression. When depression becomes severe, psychotic symptoms can appear (like hearing voices, false beliefs, etc.) Moreover, since he was well enough to be sent home after the accident, it is unlikely that he would have suffered from any significant brain damage.  Depression can be caused due to neurochemical imbalances in the brain and need not be stress related always. So, it is not surprising that he did not reveal anything to his parents. With appropriate medication and close follow up he should be able to come out of his depression. Best wishes,- 

input: I was diagnosed with hsv type 1 Sept 6th had my first outbreak and it cleared up. Today I have a rash all over outside of my vaginal lip only in the hair area but its all over and itchy like crazy. This is nothing like my outbreak a few weeks ago. I dont have insurance but is this worth an er visit?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you had an outbreak of HSV 1 infection previously which is known to affect the area around the mouth. As you are having itching around the genital region, there are many conditions which can lead to this problem and one of the cause may be HSV 2, but it should be confirmed by physical examination by your doctor. I would suggest you to undergo physical examinations before you take any medications. Thank you.

input: my motherinlaw is a kidney dialysis patient since last 7 yrs . of late she is overeating excessive hunger whole day and she is passing black stools 10-15  a day she is  67 yrs old shecannot go to the toilet her diaper and clothes need to be changed everytime please advivce
output: Welcometo Chat Doctor ...as the black stool may mean blood in stools, so please get complete stool examination AMD repeat testing of kidney function tests ...passing more stools is usually due to infection or Chat Doctor. ., so please see your doctor

input: Hey. I m scared of medics (doctors, paramedics and nurses). I know that I have to sort this out as in the future it could be potentially dangerous. I was wondering if there are any ways that I could get over this? I ve looked online but found nothing.
output: The only way is to visit them. You can visit such places once in a while. This will gradually decrease your fear. Thanks.

input: I have recently had a blood tests and have been given a score of 110 for my Gamma GT, I do not drink alcohol and am not on any medications. What else could have caused this? I am now being told that I will have to have a liver scan which is worrying for me.
output: Welcome at Chat Doctor... I have gone through your query and being your doctor I completely understand your health concerns... What is your age? Have you tested for gamma GT before? Are the level increasing? Raised level of this enzyme signifies that something wrong with the liver excretory function In my opinion you should Get your complete liver functions tests done.  Also, you should be screened for viral liver infections along with metabolic liver diseases too. It would be better to get your liver ultrasound for the liver texture.  So meet hepatologist for proper workup so that appropriate management can be started in time.  Hope your query is adequately answered... Stay safe Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: i am prescribed adderall and it was recently stolen from me....i need it badly but my insurance wont cover another prescription since the month of this (the stolen adderall) prescription is not up yet. Is there anything over the counter that i could get to take until i am able to fill my next months prescription??
output: There are no over-the-counter medicines that can substitute for Adderall. You should consult the doctor who prescribed Adderall to you in the first place. A word of caution: Do not try things that friends or non-doctors suggest substituting for Adderall. Hope this answers your question.

input: i think my g.f is pregnant but i am not confirm because i didnt broke the seal and i just inserted the neck of my penis and i get discharge but at that time i put my penis out...how do i confirm that she is pregnant or not?? please answer as soon as possible
output: Hi, if her periods get delayed then you can do a urine pregnancy test at home.  It will confirm the pregnancy.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: My daughter had a complex partial seizure. She woke up at night, vomited, then started looking upside then stared continuously for 15 minutes towards left. Her eyes were wide open during seizure. MRI and EEG had not shown any abnormalities. What should we do.
output: Ello. I have been through your question and understand your concern. It is not a usual episode of seizure. Since MRI and EEG excluded abnormalities you should do nothing. Just monitor her closely and avoid Chat Doctor. Hope this helps. Please feel free using MHC again.

input: I was diagnosed with bursitis, wore a temporary cast, advised to wear special boot. Took a painkiller for a few weeks. Pain has increased beyond toleration affecting my work and home life . I am pretty tolerant to pain but it has now become difficult to function as I endure 17 hour days. Please advise... I stretch before rising, administer ice packs, cortisone cocktails dull pain for only a few days. I lay in bed with pillow propped under foot, I tried Yoga meditation, I take aspirin daily against my beliefs to medicate myself . I experience soreness in my calf as well... Nancy M.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Bursitis is inflammation of a bursa. It may be a Trochanteric bursitis frequently causes tenderness of the outer hip and Social bursitis which can cause dull pain in the upper buttock area. The noninfectious bursitis is treated by rest, ice, and medications for inflammation and pain. Infectious bursitis can be treated with antibiotics, aspiration, and surgery. Steroid injection of corticosteroid along with a local anesthetic may also be helpful in relieving symptoms of hip bursitis. It involves a single injection into the bursa. The injection may provide temporary (months) or permanent relief. If pain and inflammation return, another injection or two, given a few months apart, may be neededOnce the pain is down do stretch of hamstrings muscle and performs muscle. The stretches to be done 5 times for the hold of 10 counts 2 times a day. Thank you.

input: hi doctor...i had nausea a year ago...i did endoscopy and echo and nothing came out...my doctor said it is from stress and fatigue...i took ganaton for 2 months...taking pariet and librax but my nausea is not cured..someone told me to try deanxit for 2 weeks..is that right??thank you
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. It is very common to try many Chat Doctor.  There is fit-all solution and one after other the 

input: Hello sir, i don t know english well so forgive my grammer mistakes. well, actually the problem that the docter prefer some tablets to my mom for some venter problems , after taking the medicine my mom feeling, like something burning in her trachea.please sir if you describe the problem we be very thankfull to you.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion your mother is having burning pain in middle of the chest due to HERD (Castro Esophageal Reflux Disease). Many antibiotics and painkiller Chat Doctor.  So try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. 2. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 3. Avoid stress and anxiety. 4. Start proton pump inhibitor. 5. Go for walk after meals. 6. Keep 2 - 3 pillows under head in the bed.

input: I was fine till about 3 o clock in the morning I woke up to a pain in the tip of my penis( it feels like i have to pee but very little comes out. i am a 53 year old virgin and have not had sex with a woman yet. the last time i masterbated was 2 weeks ago. what should i do?
output: Hi, You can have acute urinary tract infection like problem. For that urine routine microscopic examination is advisable. Underlying prostate enlargement like cause also has to be ruled out by pelvic ultrasonography.  If urinary retention present then also it will be clear by sonography. I suggest you to consult Urologist for examination.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi, my names Will, im 14 years old and ive found a white sort of spot attached to my scrotum, this morning it was rubbing and began to bleed to i put a small plaster on to stop the discomfort. I havent a clue what it is and havent taken the plaster off since. What is it?
output: Hello, Force spots happen when sebaceous glands, which moisturize your skin and are usually covered by your outer layer of skin, become enlarged and appear as tiny white spots.  These spots are harmless. They can appear almost anywhere on your body, including your scrotum and penis. Therefore, I suggest consulting a skin specialist for physical examination, diagnosis and treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hello Doctor,My Father who was alcoholic and is of 49yrs old is in hospital, He is undergoing liver treatment with below conditions: hepatomegaly with coarsened echotexture. Could you please advise if the liver can be restored for damage, if so what will be next coarse of action to stay healthy.And is this is very severe problem.what percent of chances he can be saved?Thank you
output: Hi, Thanks for your question. After going through your question in your fathers' case there is likely possibility of Alcoholic Liver Disease, though other short term illnesses can lead to similar finding. For better opinion I want to know-1) Duration of taking alcohol.2) Pattern and amount of taking alcohol.3) Presence of any other diseases and treatment for it.4) Current symptom for which admitted to hospital. I would like to advise following tests-1) Complete blood count.2) Liver function test.3) Kidney function test.4) Urine examination.5) Ultrasonography of abdomen.6) In case of fever Tests for malaria, dengue or any other infections if clinically indicated. Depending upon his detailed clinical examination and test reports it is possible to comment whether liver damage is permanent or reversible, and also appropriate diagnosis can be made and treatment can be planned. In general for recovery from liver disorder or to prevent further damage to liver -1) He has to stop taking alcohol in any form permanently.2) Avoid taking oily, fatty food till recovery.3) Taking food containing high carboy Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello doctor,my uncle is suffering from stomach cancer .right now his    check-up going on tata memorial hospital mumbai.there doctor told me first he give the kemo therapy and after that he operate my uncle. so my father is think before operate we consult 2 more doctor.so kindly suggest me 2 best doctor name & where i meet him/her.one favor me also suggest me best kemo therapy doctor in mumbai.  thanks
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Every cancer patient is different and accurate staging is to be done before giving treatment. Tata memorial hospital Mumbai is a research center, and they might have accurately done staging for your uncle. I guess the doctors want to shrink the tumor with chemotherapy and then proceed with surgery. The benefit in this situation is that the surgery is easy and there are better chances of survival. In many cancer hospitals the same protocol is used, and you might take another opinion at any well known cancer center. There is Kiddie memorial institute of oncology in Bangalore and cancer research center in Chennai and driven Chat Doctor.  Your uncle might take opinions at these centers before going for surgery. There is no single best doctor when we consider cancer treatment. It is an evolving field of medicine and I refer my patients to Tata memorial hospital because their set-up is organized and regularly new treatment options are reviewed for research purposes. Please do not worry.

input: my husband had a kub ultrasound recently and itxshowed diffuse parenchymal disease of kidneys.  His creatinine also showed higher than normal results. he does not present any symptoms except a foamy urine and he has hypertension for the past  ten years. his daily intake of water is beyond average about 4 liters a day. what do we do next? please help
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Kindly see a nephrologist asap if you have not done already. Depending on the level of creatinine, kidney size and urine tests your husband will most likely need a kidney biopsy to find out the cause of his problem(s). The nephrologist will make an overall assessment and guide you about the amount of permissible fluid intake as well.

input: hi im manjit bhullarim very much worried of my unwanted hair on all over my body.i bought epiltor but im not satisfied with that.and other probelm i have burning in my genitalia. i feel like sacratching that makes me relief but the area burns when i urinate.plz tell me  solution.thanks
output: Some herbal combos known to have antiseptic and antiallergenic effect are wonderful remedies. Even after removing hair these can be used to prevent and correct itching. Genitalia burning can be safely controlled. If interested, may write direct question.

input: Daughter age 12 diagnosed with slight bronchitis and sinus infection. Doc gave her antibiotic and cough syrup. She is suppose to play in a basketball tournament tomorrow at 10:00. She will have had 3 rounds of antibiotics by then. Doc said no basketball, but I have been reading where it s ok as long as she takes regular breaks and drinks lots of liquids. No X-rays or anything and had a very slight fever, but none now. Is it ok for her to play?
output: Hello, It depends largely on how she is feeling. However, if her doctor, who saw her in person for an exam and listened to her lungs, recommended for her to not play basketball, then I would follow that, as he or she has first-hand knowledge of how her health is.  If you feel she is much better now, you can call her doctor to clear it with him or her. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: We have a 4 monthold daughter,and would like to feed her Somva 34. We do have the product, but not sure whether that can be given to a 4 week old and also if we can, how much should we give it. We do not have the enclosed literature, so no idea of what quantity to give. Can someone guide? Thanks
output: Hello, Somva-34 is not recommended for infants. It is not a scientifically proven  ChatDoctor. 

input: i am a lady of 66yr went to my doctors 1 week ago had all blood test came back ok still feel so unwell the ti it started when on the Friday i had tightening in chest going up to my throat and jaw line still feeling so lethargic all time do house then need to rest
output: The symptoms you are telling all point towards pain related to your heart. You better get an electrocardiogram done.

input: gud evening doctor my baby have 3 years old she having suffer from cold and fever for the last one week , yeasterday doctor give suppository in night hospital itself , after that morning also i put supposittory, is it make any side effects to her using suppository
output: Hi, Sometimes suppository, if used in the wrong say by untrained people, can cause rectal tears and it is not advisable to use it if the kid is able to take the medicine orally. I suggest you avoid it as long as the kid is able to take Paracetamol medicine. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My right testicle is slightly more numb than my left and it can twist around without pain. I havent twisted it myself but several times I have noticed that it can hang horizontally and I suspect event twist to the point of switching with the left testicle. I am scared that this may be testicular torsion except that I have not had excruciating pain. The testicle usually hangs higher than the other and when i sit down both may start to hurt. This problem has been going on for a while, with no other/worsening symptoms.
output: Hi, It can be due to spinal injury, diabetes and disc prolapse. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi my husband is 25yrs old. 510 230pounds. He just had a sperm analysis the results say he has Low morphology due to amorphous heads and also high white blood cell count. what should we expect when he sees a urologist? Will this be a easy fix? Is there a cure? Should we be doing something to help? it seems so hard to find info on this topic. what does this all mean when were trying to get pregnant?  also my husband is epileptic he has a toumor in his brain. hes been tegratol XR for the last 11yrs. Could that be causing these issues? other than that he;s healthy as a horse.
output: Hello, Consult a urologist and get evaluated. We have to rule out possibilities like varicocele. If symptoms persists you can opt for newer methods like IVF. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I get very bad headaches with certain smells. Mostly red onions. I work with a culture of people who don t want to take me seriously when I ask them to omit bringing onions to the office. I can eat them ok if they are cooked well but the smell causes headache and tightened throat and chest. How can I make them understand that this is hurtful when they do it.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It may be difficult to change the diet of other persons. You may want to print out information on headache triggers to show that your issue is a real and documented one. If possible, you may need to evacuate the area when these foods are brought in. Your doctor would be able to give you medication to help relieve your discomfort, you can keep it with you. I hope this helps

input: I am 42 years old and my BP was 112/177 and I visited the doctor 30 days back. He examined my ECG and found no fault in it. Then, he suggested me to talk Nebicard SM tablet one per day in the night and revisit after 15 days. I did the same, in my second visit Doctor said your bp is 84/140 and continue the same tablet. Is it right? Can I continue to take the same tablets? ANy side effects?
output: Hello, Your doctor has prescribed the right medication for you. You can compare the result of your BP before 2 weeks and after 2 weeks.  Generally, it may take 2 weeks to know the benefits of BP medications in blood pressure readings.  Therefore, I suggest you wait for one more week and do modify your diet (avoid salty foods, high cholesterol foods, preserve foods, junk foods) and lifestyle (walk every day at least 30 mins).  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Sir, can you tell me why I feel this tightness, discomfort and bulging at the front side of my upper stomach just below ribs in the centre? It is related to alcohol, but the feeling is after the intoxication is gone, while Im not drunk. It feels very hot when I touch that area and my breath is hot too. Before at rare occasions when too over-drunk I noticed bit of blood in my stool and today I threw up all that I drank and noticed it is mixed with blood, dark red. Could you please advice me.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read the history and understood the problems. You have a tightness, discomfort, bulging upper abdomen just below the ribs; increased feeling after the intoxication is gone, feels hot when touched and the breath too is hot. Have history of blood in the stool and vomit. The most probable causes are:Gastric ulcer or cancer. Associated colitis of the transverse colon. I would advise you to visit the ER at once; get the investigations:Upper GI endoscopyColonoscopy. CT scan of the lower chest and upper abdomen Start PPI, Antacids, Risperidone. Further treatment will depend upon the investigations

input: A year ago, my young daughter (aged 6) made allegations against her father (my estranged partner) and another man who, she said, had been taking nude pictures of her. She doesn t remember being molested at all (and we don t know if she actually was) but at the time she was suffering recurrent bouts of thrush but since overnight contact stopped I have not had to go to the doctor once about this. She does have occasional redness and I m having to work on her hygiene in that area. I m told that thrush is a common problem in young girls and other medical professionals say it s not. I m confused - who is right, please?
output: Thrush can occur in pubertal girls more often than in very young child Chat Doctor.  That is the truth. Other than that, I was unable to understand the question. Why did you mention the first part of the question unless you suspected sexual abuse? In any case, treatment with local antifungal creams like clotrimazole is the only treatment available.

input: Hi, for a few weeks my tongue has been feeling dry and I have this white coating on the back of my tongue. Ive been freaking out lately about it... I went to the Dr a couple weeks ago and he gave me nystatin because he said it might b thrush... I took all the nystatin as prescribed, but nothing changed. Im really worried.
output: Hello,Common reasons for a  ChatDoctor. 

input: My son is 10 ad has physical pain in his side overva year now on ad off ges has sonmany test xrats bone scan ad everything is fine, hes seen a phycologist ad is goen 4 physiotherapy , but pain the last week is worse ad tet again hus bloids were fine so sent us home again , I dnt no wat this can be but he is in a lot of pain any suggestions for us .
output: I would suggest that you take him again to a specialist orthopedic surgeon if you think the problem is in the bones and muscles; and a good Pediatrician. Do a Creatine Kinase test, a SGPT and GOT, a liver scan (if the pain is on the right side) and a GI series X-rays for ruling out pain from the bowels (such as appendix, colon, etc.) Please re-test these if already done. 

input: I have an 8 yr old Am. Pitbull Terrier w/severe allergies. We give him Benedryl & occasionally Sudafed. He s never had any side effects. Today he has two large lumps, one on each side of his windpipe. His breathing sounds a bit labored as well but he s not outta breath or gasping. Thoughts? Thnx, Denise
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand child s situation and problem. Your child is having bilateral enlarged cervical lymphadenopathy. And most common cause for this is upper respiratory tract infection (URI). He is also having severe allergies. This can also lead to URI. So he needs antibiotics, antihistamines and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Ask him to do warm water gargles 5-6 times a day. Ask him to 

input: Hello there, I sometimes get a sharp pain near the rear of my neck/head, from what I have read, the muscle is called the splenius capitis I have experienced it from sitting down and making a sudden movement to look at something. I have also felt it when i ve been standing up and turned to look sharply. It only happens once in a while, however, it feels like someone has a hold of a muscle near the back of my head and pulls back on it sharply if I get up and turn my head quickly.
output: Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to selenium wapitis muscle pain. I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Ibuprofen to relieve the pain. I also suggest gentle stretching exercises. Furthermore, I recommend using warm compresses for local application and Voltaren gel. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My brother has an outer layer skin problem on his hands where he is able to move only two fingers. Something about the top layer of skin growing to ???. He will shortly be undergoing surgery and will be off work for quite a while. Is there a name for this problem that I might be able to google and learn more about it? Thank you.
output: Hello, His skin problems could be related to hyperkeratosis or psoriasis.  Anyway, you should discuss with his dermatologist about the exact name of the diagnosis. There are many skin disorders, that may mimic this clinical situation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: sir, i get marry just 5 months ago. my wife took unwanted 72 for birth control . but she got lot of problems like weight loss , headache , body pain, tiredness, n feeling too weakness. and her periods are irregular for one n half months, i mean she did not get periods for 1and half month. last time when she got periods, there were blood cloud from her vagina during periods. m worry due to this. and her body skin is going down and becoming dark. so how her body and face get the previous freshness and glowing face? what should be the diets in her meal and daily routine. plz suggest sir.....
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. Usage of one emergency contraceptive pill may not lead to all these problems. She may be having some underlying hormonal problem. So once consult gynecologist, get examined. If she recommends go for ultrasound and hormonal profile once. By this the possible cause of her problem can be made out and treatment can be given. She can take nutritious diet including fruits, vegetables, cereals, eggs, milk, fish, meat etc. Taking small quantities of food at frequent intervals is beneficial. For more details you can ask me directly through the premium forum. Take care.

input: lower back pain - no tingling feeling in legs or arms (I had sciatica many years ago) but extreme pain when trying to get out of bed - cannot straighten up - I have to hang on to back of chair and slowly straighten up. Once I am standing erect, I can take some steps and after a few minutes I walk more or less normally. I feel I may have a slight inflammation in the tissue around my spine in the middle of my back. I am an 84 year old female, who until last week was happily riding her bicycle. P.S. I am hopeless on any computer !!
output: Hi, It seems that you might be having osteoarthritis of vertebral spines giving rise to stiffness of muscles giving rise to this problem. It is possible that you might be having Sciatic pain as well. Go for x-ray and find out the cause. Consult orthopedic surgeon and get examined. Physiotherapy might help to relieve muscle spasm. Ok and take care.

input: I am 44 years old female.I experienced this 2nd time in 2 weeks that when I do my grocery shopping and i lift some thing too heavy I started pain in my chest n I become short of breath.it gives me dizziness and bit like num feelings in head.I feel very weak.I have to lay down for at least 15/20 minutes.is it some thing serious?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. You are having symptoms on strenuous work. And you're all symptoms like chest pain, breathlessness, giddiness, dizziness etc. on strenuous work are seen commonly in cardiac disease. So get done ECG and 2D Echo to rule out cardiac cause. If both are normal than get done chest x-ray and PFT (PULMONARY FUNCTION TEST) to rule out respiratory cause for your symptoms. If this is also normal than got done CBC (Complete Blood Count) to rule out anemia as anemia can also cause similar symptoms.

input: Dear doctor, i fell over the other day and landed on all 4s. I grazed my right knee quite badly and a bruise has now developed on my knee around the cut. Since the day after my fall, on standing i get a throbbing in my right knee and it is quite bad and has got worse over the last few days. Its also not too bad on walking, just when standing still. Just want to know if i should go to a doctor or wether it should resolve by itself
output: Hello welcome to ChatDoctorI am happy to help you outaccroding to your history and description of wound, I feel it's not very severe injury. If such patient comes to my clinic then I would examine knee joint for possible grave injury like ligament tear, fracture then according to finding would suggest further investigations like X-ray and prescribe some analgesic till investigation and educate him about wound Chat Doctor. Such pain may last for 7-15 days but if pain persist then I would suggest you to consult your nearby doctor for proper evaluation and treatment. Thank you

input: I am currently 33 weeks pregnant and have been diagnosed with gestational diabetes, while my post meal levels are fin (generally below 7.0) I am finding that my fasting level in the morning is generally about 5.4 to 6.4 which is too high, are you able to advise what snack to have before bed?
output: HI, Thank you for the query.  You should eat, well before you go to bed.(2-3 hours before) Try to have snack with low glycemic index (pasta made of wheat flour/ beans, lentils/ sweet corns/ green vegetables, salads/ Oatmeal/ FRuits-oranage, apple, pear, pitches).  Have walk for half an hour after food.  & have a glass of strained milk (fat free) half hour before you go to bed.  Thanks.

input: For several weeks I have had left hip pain that increases with sitting.  I have abdominal pain in the pelvic region as well.  Sometimes I have to use a cane to walk. The pain is in my left leg to my foot sometimes and the entire side becomes stiff sometimes.  I can often walk it out but I have to be careful bending, lifting, sitting, or squatting.  I have had a total hysterectomy over a year ago.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. I would come up with these possibilities for this severe pain in the left hip joint, This includes. 1 Pinched nerve (sciatica) , diagnosis can be confirmed by C T scan and X-ray of lumbar sacrum region. As you mentioned that there is severe pain radiating to leg, foot, as all these symptoms are an indication of sciatica nerve involvement (pinched)2 Degeneration of head of femur. Diagnosis can be confirmed by C T scan & X-ray of head of femur.3 Osteoporosis, diagnosis can be confirmed by blood examination and bone density test.4 Osteoarthritis, diagnosis can be confirmed by C B C and E SR. Hysterectomy have not any role in this pain. In my opinion consult an orthopedic surgeon and get his opinion. Good luck. 

input: my 21 months daughter is having severe cold and cough and is not eating any thing.also now vomitting if i try to give her any thing.i have domestal suspension at home .howmuch sall i give her and after what time of giving medicine should i try to feed her .thank you.
output: Brief answer:Give cough syrup. Detailed answer:Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Your child has severe cough and cold due to which during coughing she has vomiting. In my opinion, there is no need of an antivomiting syrup like coastal. Give a cough syrup like Chirico 5 ml PO three times a day for 3 days and your child will be fine. I hope this will help you. Take care. Regards: Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 46 years old and looking for a solution to a life long problem I have with purple mottled legs  this condition gets worse when it is cold.  I also have a problem with Reynauds disease.  is there any herbal remadies I can take?  is it an auto immune disorder?  Is is connective tissue illness and if so what do i take.  i suffered from recurrent miscarriages betweeen my two children.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A history of purple mottled legs and worsening of condition when exposed to cold is suggestive of Reynolds disease. Raynauds disease is an autoimmune disease and is treated with steroids. The disease runs a chronic course with waxing and waning course. Steroids have to be taken as the disease flares up or relapses. Episodes have to be controlled with Chat Doctor. The effect of herbal medications is questionable. You need to stay in contact with your rheumatologist. The recurrent miscarriages appear to be unrelated to the Reynolds disease. Thanks and take care

input: I have been married since 7yrs n no baby yet..m suffering from  PCOD n weight is 95kg.I have went to so many many doctors all r saying reduce ur weight first, bcoz of which I be depressed most of the time .. I tried so many medicines,diets,excercises but no result..Now my new doc has said tht IUI will work for me..I require guidance please help.
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. Weight reduction means, there is no need of Chat Doctor.  Reduction of 1 to 2 kg scan also help in regularization of the cycles. Then you can gradually decrease the weight. To do GUI also, you have to ovulate. In GUI during the time of ovulation, your husbands' semen will be injected into your uterus. So for that also ovulation is needed. If your doctor suggests you can go for ovulation induction. Then plan for follicular study to track the ovulation. And you can plan GUI at that time with your doctors' advice. Take care.

input: Hi My Name is Stephanie. I was biten by a copperhead snake on 7-6-14 around 10pm. I was taken to the ER and givin 4 viles of antivenom. I stayed in the hospital until 7-10-14. So I ve been home 5 days and the swelling has not gone done, it itches and sore to the touch. Should i go have it looked at now or wait.
output: Hello, Thanks for your query. I am happy to help you here. Today is 22nd of July. If you have swelling till today, then it's better to have a follow-up. Usually snakes are non poisonous. But if snakes are poisonous usually its either cardio toxic or neurotoxic & sometimes both. Swelling doe snot confirms that the snake was toxic, but it needs attention further. Although it's rare that toxin will show its action after 15 days but until the swelling subsides u need to be kept on watch. 4 views of antivenom may not be sufficient if knowledgeable symptoms appear, & if no symptoms appear, you may not need anti venom at all, but for that you should be kept in watch for at least three days. Even if just swelling appears its considered safe to administer antivenom, some patient body react to antivenom and can't be continued further. I don't think you are in trouble of having activation of toxin but still you should keep watch on yourself for following things until the swelling subsides.1) If either or both eyelids starts Chat Doctor. 2) or if you develop numbness (decrease/loss of sensation on touch.) 3)Any kind of unnatural bleeding from nose or in stool etc. If any of above complaints develop then It's must revisit ER. At the time being I recommend you to take antibiotics and anti-inflammatory medication to prevent infection, decrease itching and to decrease the swelling. For now, I suggest you to either have a follow-up or you can take some medications as bellow. Chymoral forte once died before food for 1 wk (it will help to decrease swelling)Tab Exocet 5 mg 1 at night before sleep for 3 days (to decrease itching)Tab metronidazole 400 mg thrice daily for 5 days. Tab definite 200 mg twice daily for 3 days. I hope my talk would be helpful. Will be happy to help you father. Thank you.

input: i had a Cbc blood test last week and my white blood cells value is 3.49 which is low, platelet count was 139 , neutrophils 37.6 low, monocytes 14.0 high, eosinophils 5.7 high, basophils 2.6 high and absolute neutrophils 1.31 low... Also creating and bun elevate..... Worried this is something serious... Referred to a hematologist.. What tests will they order?
output: Your white blood cell count is slightly low (4.00-is lower limit of normal range for an adult). Your platelet counts are almost normal - so nothing to worry about your platelets. 14% monocytes are on higher side though. I would suggest a repeat Complete blood count (CBC) WITH PERIPHERAL SMEAR EXAMINATION. This test would highlight any problems in your blood profile. You have not mentioned your BUN and creatinine values ? Do you have any previous kidney disease ?

input: i have a broken blood vessel in my arm i know this cause I looked up pictures to find out what was on my arm. It is about 1 inch by about 1/4 of an inch big and it is slightly raised and there is a kind of a cold/dull ache and almost numb sensation. should i be worried
output: Hello, I have studied your case and I do not think that you can have a broken blood vessel in your arm. You may be having hematoma due to collection of blood in skin or subcutaneous tissue. You need to apply hot water fomentation, compression bandage and take govern tablet twice daily. If there is no decrease in size of the swelling then you can get a physician opinion. But I can assure you that it is not a broken vessel.

input: I am a cheerleader so I am flexible and do many different stretches and flexibility training daily, so today during a tryout I went into my right splits and heard three very loud pops and then very bad pain! I continued with my tryout which had several different jumps and kicks and with each I felt even more pain and now I am feeling constant pain on minimal movements. What could be going on?
output: Hi... As per your narration you had injured your muscle...there could be snapping of muscle over the bone or could be a partial tear in the muscle. Nothing to worry. If I were you... I would wait for a while and.... Apply lot if ice in the injured area... frequently for every 2 hours once for 15mins... No stretching to the injured area for next 48 hours...Don't load for next couple of days. Support the injured area witChatDoctorpression bandage... Once movements becomes pain-free then do strengthening exercises for gluteus and then slowly and progressively load the injured area...like moving your leg from out to inside...etc Hope this is helpful for you... Kindly revert.in case you need any further help in this regard...

input: My 6 year old daughters pediatrician is sending us to an endocrinologist for Clatorial Hypertrophy. When looking up research on this I am not finding to much to explain what it is or how serious it is. I would like to know what it means without all the medical terms getting in the way of understanding it.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Clitoris is a part of female genitals which is a regressed meaning shrunken form of male penis ( male sexual organ). Its normally seen as a small bud like thing in the upper part of female vagina. In some abnormal situation, it enlarges(hypertrophy) and looks very prominent then it's called clitoral hypertrophy. Your doctor did right by asking for endocrine consult because there can be a lot of reasons for it, and she needs a detail evaluation. Hope that clarifies your doubt as of now. Happy to help further. Take care.

input: hi, my 4yr old was awake all night with a temp it has gone down since last night.but he seems very dosey + is complaning of a sore troat and stomach pains.2 nights ago he had a bit of a temp again went down with calpol but was complaning about his teeth what could be wrong with him in your opinion any help would be greatly appreciated.
output: Hi, Look all these are symptoms suggesting of infection. He might be having Pharyngitis/Tonsillitis?  You can do the following things: 1. Just give lukewarm water, vegetable soups. Thus maintain HY Chat Doctor.  2. Need to start giving a course of Antibiotics, Paracetamol, B-Complex Spy., Antihistamines. 3. Proper Rest & healthy diet shall be helpful. 4. Monitor temperature 4 hourly will be helpful to assess prognosis. 5. If required basis investigations: CBC, BMP, RBS can be done. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi I have sinusitis I m taking steroids and anitbiotic. A week prior to me starting medication I have a rash purple not spotty but in and area not itchy on inside of my thigh by my knees and just noticed on my butt also it mirrors each other bith legs both sides of my butt . My blood pressure is also elevated 140/100 I am going to get checked tomorrow but I can t see a dermatologist until Monday . I tried anti fungal cream very slight difference . I would think the steroids would take it away .
output: According to your history might be you are suffering with frictional dermatitis. This type of dermatitis seen in atomic person or u have Tina infection. Confirm diagnosis can be done after seeing the lesion. Bilateral lesion on both legs n butt favor toward the dermatitis. But if u took steroid for long time Tina infection may be.You are not mentioning the duration of treatment. Soon start steroid self, first done skin scraping for KOH mount confirm the diagnosis the o ahead under supervision of dermatologist. Idont think it is related to your BLD pressure.

input: hi dr. im from nkmkab and I want to know abut PARATYPHI BH 1:80 +++ what type of fever is this ? and what is treatment we need. bcos that report is my child. age 3year and 6month im very nurves abut this plz tell me what can I do of my child. my eng is not too good plz try 2 understand my feelings.
output: Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your health concern, if I am your doctor I suggest you that paratyphoid fever is caused by Salmonella paratyphoid B. It causes a fever same as that of typhoid fever but are readily treated as compared to typhoid fever. Your title is 1:80 which I think is not high title to diagnose your child as having paratyphoid fever.  I will be happy to answer all your future concern. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious disease specialist. Wish you the best health at Chat Doctor.

input: Last night my husband bit me on my arm . I quickly got up and told him to stop. I really got scared i told him what he had done and that if he had realised what he has done. his response was yes . he then got out of bed and went to the toilet. At this point he really sh?? me up.That evening he was watching a vampire movie with lots of blood and guts. He does not sleep well. His bedtime routine is sleeping between 1am and 3am. He gets up for half 8pm. He s got a lot of stress . He speaks jiberish whiles sleeping and makes sudden movements. Once he was having a nightmare until I woke I m up, asking him if he was ok. I think I saved him from his nightmare. Can you please help and give some sort of explanation. Thanks kera
output: Hello Seethalkaursingh, The problem you have tried to describe, doesn't appear to a nightmare. Its closer to being a night terror. Please understand that sucChatDoctorplains are very common and increase at the time of stress. People generally don't discuss them as they don't cause any problem for themselves. Epilepsy / seizure disorder is another concern, and he should be investigated by an EEG.  There are many unanswered questions in your write-up. But one thing is for certain that your husband surely need some help from a psychiatrist. Please ask him to visit one who would like to explore many his areas. Hope this answers some of your questions.

input: I went into the hospital 3 weeks ago with gallstones and they had to put me on a potassium drip for 4 days to get my potassium levels back up. (6 bags total) My liver enzymes and heart enzymes were high but I tested negative for every test they gave me including all hepatitis. Now, it has dropped again, what could be causing it to drop?
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for posting your query. Let me make it clear about uses of potassium in the body. It helps in functioning of muscle and nerve cells in the body. Certain symptoms like severe vomiting, loose motions, antibiotic use, diuretics, chronic kidney diseases cause hypokalemia. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help.

input: Hi! I tripped & fell on 1/25/14 & of course my hand was bruised & extremely swollen, limited ROM. I had it in a thumb spica splint for a 1 1/2 wks til I could get an apt to see a hand specialist 2/5. They put it in a cast for a month & took it off on 3/5. When they removed it my thumb was extremely stiff & painful, could barely move it. I ve been having hand therapy twice a week & my ROM has improved drastically. The only problem is that the MRI I had on 3/18 showed I had a complete tear of the radial collateral ligament. The Dr says that I m stable & surgery doesn t look needed & I can go to work in 2 wks if I feel ok (I m a RN). What do you think of his decision? They re going to make me a thermoplastic splint to wear as needed. Right now I take off the regular big thumb spica splint off about 6 times a day. I do the heated rice, picking up marbles, & ROM exercises, ice, etc. The pain is minimal 2-4 / 10 (used to be 6-7 / 10 in beginning). So, is surgery always indicated with a complete tear? Or if you re progressing, is it possible to not have any surgery & make a full recovery? I m concerned b/c I m a nurse & my hands are my life. Been outta work for 2 months now & missing it, but also don t wanna come back too soon as I m still having some pain & stiffness. I still can t bend it all the way down, & my strength is only 1/2 my right hand per PT (I m right handed & my left thumb is where the injury is). So what would be your next step or what do you think about my situation? And fortunately none of the XRays show any fractures, but I m feeling the ligament is a lot worse injury.
output: HiThe the best assessment is if ROM is improved and no movement problems for routine work, nothing needs to be done.the dear tissue healing may have occurred by now...synthetic repair not of much value if you already don't feel incapacitated

input: I ve been told I need carpal tunnel surgery in both hands, (had the EMG test yesterday). I will see my doc next week for the next steps. I need to know sooner, about how long is the recovery time - I need to judge how long it will be before I can have the second surgery. Thank you, Sharon Johnson
output: Hi, Generally the recovery time will be about two weeks. In some patients mild stiffness persist and require physiotherapy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Four days ago, i was swimming at the beach and a wave pushed me and I twisted my knee. I have put ice packs, knee brace and tried to stay off my foot as much as possible. My knee never swelled. It is only painful when I sit too long or have to move to get up. Please advise.
output: Hello, As you were pushed by the wave and twisted the knee joint, with the history it sounds to be a ligament sprain. Due to which you are facing difficulty in getting pain while performing knee movement.  Kindly do hot water fermentation and allow the limb to rest. Use knee brace for 3 weeks or so. Then do simple knee exercises like static Qua Chat Doctor.  You should be fine. As you applied to ice there won't be swelling. So in any injury icing is advised to avoid swelling as it will lead to vasoconstriction of blood capillaries. So you don't have swelling.  Usually, icing is advised if we are planning for some x-ray or MRI. Do the conservative therapy mentioned above, and you should be fine. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In

input: Okay.  I am 68, Type 2 diabetes, overweight.  Have been having a lot of phlegm in my throat in the mornings for a couple of years.  Over the last couple of months, I have also developed a productive caugh with upper left chest pain that is noticeable, but not severe and usually is relieved whenever I cough up sufficient phlegm.  What gives?
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor Your main problem is excess cough... I need to know following details... 1. Do you have fever? 2.are you having chest pain and dyspnea complaint?? 3.smoking history?? It might be allergic cough, chronic infection induce cough, bronchitis, bronchiectasis etc... As far as approach is considered work up done as follows... -Above history asked first -Auscultation -Chest x-ray -CBC -if needed spirometry and sputum cytology examination According to cause I can give further comment on treatment Take care Hope your concern solved Consult pulmonologist for examination and discuss all these with him

input: Blood clots come out during period, first 2days heavily clotting,4 days last my period. Before started period both side of the lower bellies poking pain. Can not conceive, as i want another baby. I am 37. Please give some suggestion. I ultrasounds,there were no sister. I had miscarriage 2times and not done D&c, is this the course for not conceiving? I really want to know what should I do, have you hear this type condition in this age and did she has pregnant again?
output: Hello, Its not a big problem. You can conceive easily. You need to get done a detailed ultrasound and some blood tests and visit a good IVF specialist as your age is already 37. Don't waste much time. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hi i am   having sinusitis from last 2 months. i had antibiotics for a month... still not recovered . Now i have started taking septilin and nasollerin as per the doctors prescription. how long should i take to get actual results age:34 weigh 70kgs
output: Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. As you have already taken antibiotic for a month, I would not recommend anymore at present.2. Were I treating you, I would suggest you regular montelukast and levocetirizine for at least 1 month.3. Regular steam inhalations (please be cautious to avoid burns) and nasal irrigation with saline sprays will hasten recovery.4. Please avoid exposure to smokes, dusts and air pollution.5. I would also suggest you plenty of ward liquids and a healthy diet.6. If you have still no improvement, especially if you have nose obstruction or loss of smell or headaches, I would suggest you to consult an ENT specialist who will examine your nose cavity from inside to identify a contributing structural cause, if any. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you a quick recovery and the best of the health. Thank you & Regards.

input: What is wrong with me...  Im tired all the time, I have been putting on weight for the past month and nothing helps.  I feel like crying all the time, Im cranky and moody and I feel like I move in slow motion.  People just say to get over it but I cant.
output: His understand your concern. Sudden change in weight indicate metabolic changes. We have to rule out certain cause like diabetes, thyroid etc. Require certain basic investigation and proper chart of body mass index. Consult physician and do all reports. After reaching paper because we will be able to do treatment properly. Dietary control. Avoid fatty and junk foods. Follow proper diet plan from dieticians. Exercise and walking regularly. Thank you. Take care.

input: Thanks a lotFew weeks back i got a mild pain on my left lower abdomenton consulting the doctor, i was told that there may be a possibility of a small stonewhich could be treated with consumption of water to 3 lts per day (min)i did follow itand now i do not have a painbut out of curosity i did take an ultrasound on my abdomentthe doctor happened to find that on my lower abdomen, there are 2 small stonesand its not obstructing as suchdo i need to undergo treatement from a urologist?or consumption of water will help to resolve this problem?Please advise
output: HelloYour findings suggests two small non obstructing calculus in left kidney. Treatment of renal calculus depend upon many things like composition, position,size of calculus etc. Small calculus may pass spontaneously with adequate HY Chat Doctor. Initially you may need syrup like sodium and potassium citrate. You are rightly taking plenty of water. You may also need routine hologram, random blood sugar, urine RE/ME. Since size of calculus are small in your case, it is likely to be flushed out with HY

input: hi!!! my age is 23(Unmarried) i m facing irregular periods from the day of my maturity. i have consulted doctor they adviced me to take CYCLOREG.. from past one year if i would not consume tablet also my periods were regular. but, again now from past two months it is the same. so can u please suggest me weather this leads to infertility?? consuming tablet is good or bad?
output: Irregular periods mean you are suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease or pod. Cycloreg leads to medicinal stimulation of the ovaries and in turn regularizing your cycles. The effect of the medicine can continue for some time even after discontinuation. In the longer run people with pod have problems conceiving and should plan an early pregnancy. Cycloreg will have to be stopped when planning for pregnancy as it is an oral contraceptive pill, and you cannot conceive when on this. Sadly, this is the only treatment for pod. Diet control and weight loss can help relieve the symptoms of pod.

input: my sister has been battling cancer.  First she had cervical cancer.  She had radiation and surgery and was in the clear.  months later the cancer had metastisized into 3 masses in her lower body near the site of the original tumor.  chemotherapy has proven ineffective.  the doctors have basically said there is nothing they can do.  they have stopped chemo and now have her on a drug to stop blood flow to the tumors to help prolong her life.  I have read that thioredoxin protects the cancer cells from chemotherapy and radiation.  I have also read some publications about thioredoxin reductase as a cancer treatment.  do you have any information on this subject and can you suggest any clinics specializing in thioredoxin reductase.  I have also read there is a link to the gene p53 as a tumor suppressor.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Research shows that redox-sensitive signaling factors such as thioredoxin reductase-1 (TR) and thioredoxin (TRX) may represent central pro-survival factors that would allow tumor cells to evade the damaging and potentially cytotoxic effects of endogenous and exogenous agents that induce oxidative stress. There have been clinical trials which have shown that thioredoxin reductase inhibitors like arsenic trioxide might have role in treatment of cancer. It is important to know your location so that we might suggest you a hospital where this treatment is provided. Please contact your national cancer network as they might have details. Please do not worry.

input: Good evening, my main symptom is dull pain in my lower left abdomen, especially when breathing in and seems to be occurring after eating a large meal.  It has been occurring off and on for over 5 years.  It started when I was using the bathroom and felt a very strong sharp pain in the same area 5 years ago.
output: First, if the pain is persistent I will advise you to go for abdominal ultrasound to isolate the cause. For treatment, you can take some antibiotic preferably CEA Chat Doctor.  Take gelusil-mps plus or machine gel syrup for gastric upset.

input: I had a weird pop in my head on wednesday followed by neck tingling and my eyes were flashing like strobe lights. I later threw up after that. It has been five days now and I still feel weird head neck and eye sensations but no throbbing pain.. any thoughts?
output: I'm Allison and I'm 20 years old and have no medical record of anything.  I also went to the hospital and had a ct scan and blood tests and everything came back negative. It is freaking me out that I don't know what exactly is wrong with me.  If someone can please give me some advice?

input: What conclusions would a doctor have made about stomach cancer in an 85 year old diabetic African American woman to inform her daughter that she should be placed in hospice.  The doctor made the cancer diagnosis three dys ago.  April 19.  What essential questions should I, a son ask my moms doctor about this cancer?
output: Hi sir, u should know the stage of disease. The treatment is directed by stage. We do surgery in stage 1 and 2, palliative chemotherapy in stage 4, and treatment individualized in stage 3. Patients fitness should be assessed before surgery.

input: hi i have my son he turn 8 in 2 week....last night he throwing up i make him take a cold shower cuz i feel him hot,them he keep waking up throwing up and he didont sleep,today he sleep all day throwing up and with fiver i give him Advil for the fiver,cracker soda,chicken soup and still throwing up...but the fiver gone....i start getting worry :(
output: You have to go to the emergency room to give him fluid replacement therapy to avoid deny Chat Doctor. 

input: My blood pressure is 147 over 103 with a 65 pulse.Yesterday about this time it was 106 over 65 with a 56 pulse, I was yawning and had to nap about 30 minutes.It remained low but I was able to function again. What is going on? I am 58 years old, female.
output: Hi. Blood pressure also depends on the physical activity. If one is at rest the BP may be normal... similar after any serious activity BP may rise. These variations in BP are normal... for ideal blood pressure it should be measured after 15 min of rest... so please check your BP after rest. And please avoid using digital BP instrument as it is not 100% accurate. Take care

input: Hi there, i have a lump on the back of my neck, i frequently get headaches, and often these headaches are accompanied by nose bleeds, the headaches can last whole days and im getting worried, im 20 years old, medium height, weigh 65 kg and im male, please help me cheers
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. It needs examination first.  You may have some lymph node enlargement, cystic lesion or soft tissue tumor. After examination if necessary go for fine needle aspiration cytology and then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: hey my name is aya, i live in the states, i have more than a question, my mother had been having frequent heart pulpitations from time to time and she started to high blood sugar since my grandfather died, she had been under medication for 9 months now for her blood sugar but she stopped it because it became normal and 2 days ago she started to have high blood sugar like its level is 210 which is high for her, so what can she do ? and what does it mean to have frequent pulpitations?
output: Hello, I understand your concern and would explain that the palpitations could be related to possible cardiac arrhythmia.  For this reason, I recommend performing an ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring for possible cardiac arrhythmia and some blood lab tests (complete blood count for anemia, thyroid hormone levels for thyroid gland dysfunction, blood electrolytes for possible imbalance).  Regarding her glucose levels, she may have diabetes. For this reason, I would recommend performing HbA1C levels to check for diabetes. In case it is elevated, consulting with an endocrinologist is necessary.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hi. I m in a tricky situation right now -- my boyfriend fingered me today, but after completely washing his hands off with soap. Is there any possibility that -- after washing his hands -- any semen could have been left, and that I could be pregnant?
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today. In order to get pregnant, ejaculation must occur very near the opening of the vagina or inside it because sperm dies when exposed to air. So, you cannot become pregnant from semen Chat Doctor. I hope I was able to adept

input: My balls hurt sometimes especially the left one. This happens after one time in the middle of my sleep my nut got swollen I couldnt even move literally. So now I have a little ball next to or on my left nut it hurts very often sometimes not so much other times alot I feel like Im gonna throw up or something. Can someone please tell me what this is or why it happened. Thank you very much for all the help.
output: Hello, The testis inflammation need to be ruled out here. I suggest you investigate with testis ultrasonography for primary work up. If testis inflammation present than anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. . Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Just 2 days ago I found a lump under my 1 about to be 2 year old and it got me really worried. I was wondering if i should be concern and get it lloked at?...she has a couple small lumps on her head also (the side of her head).
output: Hello, Thanks for the query, Probably you are suffering from lipoma. Your description matches with it. It is a benign collection of fat.Don't worry it is not a serious thing. The only possible treatment is surgical removal, Please meet a dermatologist for exact diagnosis. Let me know if you have any other doubt. You can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. Thank you

input: hi iam 21years age now, not yet married.daily in sleeping my sperm is coming out,it is happening every day.is there any problem if it comes out  daily ?and is there any problem in future with my partner in having a child ? will my sperm reduse by that time ? please give clear solution every day iam worrying abot it.
output: HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. It is normal to have ejaculation while sleeping if you don't masturbate. You don't need to worry about that. You can have regular exercise like swimming jogging etc. which may help you in decreasing those episodes. That doesn't cause any impact on your future fertility or libido. Hope this may help you. Let me know if you have any further query.

input: hello, i am a girl 14 years of age. 2 days ago i had my first panic attack. i went to my family doctor but she didnt help much. my mother often has panic attacks and she has recently been diognosed with bipoloar disorder. i went back to school today and it seemed like everything that got me upset or just generally got to me was gonna start another panic attack.. any help or advice???
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. I understand that you are going through a difficult time due to your recent problems. The symptom that you are experiencing now, that is, a fear or a feeling that you may get another panic attack is called anticipatory anxiety and this is common in persons who have had previous panic attacks. Since these symptoms seem to be distressing you, I would suggest that you seek professional help. Please talk to your parents or your school counselor, so that they can arrange for you to see a psychiatrist. Wish you all the best.

input: Yesterday morning I had a corticosteroid injection in my right knee for a patellar tendinitis. No reactions yesterday except a slight headache. Today however, I ve been experiencing palpitations and slight headache. I took my blood pressure and it was completely normal at 120/68 and my pulse was 68. The palps began after exercising for 1/2 hour on my treadmill this afternoon at 3pm and haven t completely subsided yet, it s now 9:30. Will these symptoms disappear eventually?
output: Hello, Yes corticosteroids injection causes headache. Side effects of steroids very much depend on the dose and how long they are taken. If your dose is low, your risk of serious side effect is quite small. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I keep having intermittent twinges in my chest the last few weeks. Under lots of stress.  I have a referral to a cardiac specialist, but Im trying to decide whether to go urgent care today.  the twinge was there when I woke up this afternoon (slept late) but is gone now.
output: Hi and thank you for asking! I read your query very carefully. You are having chest discomfort (twinges on your chest) for a few weeks now, which may be a sign for new onset chest angina. New onset angina may be a warning sign for future cardiovascular events including heart attack. This is why its essential that you contact a cardiologist for further examinations. You shouldn't wait for the cardiologist appointment and go to ER if your symptoms increase in intensity or become more frequent (signs that the things are getting worse).Otherwise, you should wait for cardiologist appointment. Meantime, wish you health!

input: Hi I had an IUI on January 28th. My period was due today but has not arrived. I took a pregnancy test this morning and it was negative. I have noticed I be been having a clear discharge all day that felt like my period had come, but whenever I check its just clear. I ve been feeling really gassy and bloated since the IUI and have had cramps on and off the whole time. If I was pregnant wouldn t it have shown on the test I did today?
output: HelloThanks for your query. Ideally you should wait a couple of days after your expected date of period to take a urine home pregnancy test. If it is negative, odds are very low that you are pregnant. However, consult your treating doctor, and go for an ultrasound or blood test to confirm. All the best.

input: Ive been feeling really tired the past 8 months. I was under a lot of stress and just assumed it to be that. As times gone on Ive noticed some other symptoms. my ankles get a little swollen at work (Im not extremely over wieght or anything). My lower back started hurting. Ive also noticed over the past three months that I go to the bathroom a lot more and my urins been really clear. More recently Ive been feeling light-headed and unable to focus. I keep trying to tell myself its just stress and for the most part Ive ingnored it, Im just a little concerned because none of the symptoms have gone away.
output: Dear patient Considering your case possibility can be 1. Anxiety 2.  Diabetes Mellitus. I would like to advise blood testing for fasting and postprandial blood sugar levels. Get it done from reputed laboratory.  If reports are normal diagnosis is anxiety disorder. If reports are showing high sugar levels its diabetes Mellitus. For DM YOU NEED TO consult diabetiologist.  If you are having excessive stress and anxiety in life try meditation and yoga which are very helpful. All the best.

input: Hi, I am having terrible upper abdominal pain. My current MD is unable to diagnose the problem. I have had a lot lab work as well as CT scan and ultrasound. So far I have been told that everything is normal. But everything is not normal - no one seems to believe me or able to Diagnose the problem. I have pain everyday some days so bad that I cant work - that s a problem. I have a PMD as well as a GI doctor and still no answers. Any suggestions?
output: Hello and welcome. I think that you should do endoscopy to diagnose it since CT scan will not be able to detect intraluminal pathology such as ulcer or polyp. Also, it may be caused by inflammatory bowel diseases, and you need to see intervention gastroenterologist for further evaluation. Regards

input: Hi. I have just spilled bleach on my carpet and I have opened the window for ventilation. It smells pretty strong and the spillage is in my bedroom and I am unsure whether it will be safe to sleep in my bed tonight. Is it okay if I leave the window open?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Yes, you can leave your windows open and let the bleach Chat Doctor. And no harm in sleeping in that room. If you find it too smelly, then sleep in other room for 1-2 nights. Medically it will not harm you. But subjectively if you think that this can spoil my sleep than it is better to sleep in other room.

input: My mom is suffering from asthma last 15yrs. and she has also cough and diabetes diseases. Her weight is around 70kg. and her age is 55yrs. she has done angiography of heart in fortis hospital. She takes nebulize those injections... Now She is taking medicine for her diseases.... Tab. Zoryl M1 Tab. Aciloc 300 Tab. Deriphyllin retard 300 Tab. Montair-10 Tab. Hostacycline 500 Tab. Wysolone 5 Inj. Budecort respules 0.5mg Inj. Duolin respules 2.5ml Inj. Asthalin respules 2.5ml So give me advice about her health....
output: Dear Member She is on all kinds of medicines available for Asthma. However, she might need increased dose of few medications. If she is still symptomatic, she has to avoid the triggers, like cold, dust, pollen, any allergic products. Also, tight diabetic control is necessary to control Asthma.  Bye

input: I m a 5 10 female, 25 years old, 122 pounds. I have been feeling a dull and often pinching pain on my right lower abdomen. It presents a small bulge, that I can t push in. Went to 4 surgeons and they don t think its a hernia, but from a bike fall that I had 6 months ago (I did 3 MRIs and 3 ultra sounds, and nothing showed). It really hurts when I am sitting for too long, and I feel discomfort like something is pressuring my abdominal wall. Please help.
output: Hi, thanks for posting your concern in the Chat Doctor. As you have already been examined clinically and a thorough imaging was performed, my understanding is you may not have any visceral problem. Your doctors have also ruled out body wall defect like hernia.in some cases, fibromyalgia may produce similar symptoms in the absence of an organic disease. Therefore, you should also consult a psychiatrist to evaluate for fibromyalgia. You should also be clinically examined by a second doctor (should be a general surgeon) to rule out any abnormality. For any further information, please write back to me directly or tag me in your question.  

input: My 6 year old son has been ill for over a week now with headaches, and lumps on the back of his head. Been to A&E and was told it was swollen glands and was given calpol. A few days later he was still very poorly and lumps had got bigger. Went to my GP who said it is a scalp infection and gave antibiotics and antihistamine. Finished course of medicine and lumps are still present and sore! What do i do next!!?
output: HI, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I studied your query. I understood Your health concerns. Based on the facts of your query, you seem to suffer from-Boil with lymphadenitis, with resolved nodes after antibiotics. Remaining lumps indicates Chronic Amenities with fibrotic changes in it. Reason of antibiotics not giving regression of these lumps is due to the accompanied Chronic fur uncle- lumps with its lymphadenitis.FNAC biopsy / or Excision Biopsy / or CT study -of the persistent lumps, would give the exact cause of these persistent/ non-regressive lumps. Other causes like infectious mono, or viral lymphadenitis/or TB lymphadenitis/ NHL/HL lymphoma-needs to be ruled out. As the facts are very scanty, I would also suggest you to take Second opinion from Surgeon, to rule out other causes which would cause such symptom/complaints, after physical/clinical examination. Will appreciate writing your feedback review comments, to help the needy patients like you at Chat Doctor. Good Day!!  Chat Doctor. S. Genl-CVTS

input: My husband is extremely judgemental of Others. as if He is better then Others. He holds His self in higher regards then Others. Is quick to add labels to Other People such as They are toxic, insecure, unstable, jealous, seldom anything good. He looks and picks at Others every word or action to decided what They are. I find this a bit unnerving at times. Is this a normal behavior?
output: His think, he has narcissistic personality. In that case, he needs personality assessment. Better to consult a psychologist and get his assessment done. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: Hi, I had a full hysterectomy at the end of February, I kept my ovaries...i m now finding that my jawline and temples are breaking out--I ve never experienced acne before. I ve always had good skin - now i have cystic acne ....are there any non-prescription remedies to help. I m trying Vitex and Burdock root...is there anything I should be doing to the cysts directly?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. The cystic acne are commonly seen due to hormonal disturbances in the body. The main treatment involves systemic antibiotics and retinoids. Both these are prescription only Chat Doctor.  You need to consult a dermatologist for the same. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: Am 75-Have had H.Pylori last year. Took drugs 1 wk took a week break and then continued second week. It was tough. I made them test me again this June I am positive again. I have the attacks like I am going into shock. Pain in middle of chest. High blood pressure feel sick and hot light headed. Like allergic reaction when I have antibiotic allergic reactions. I am so allergic to antibiotics. I have had nuclear heart stress test-cat scan-found small kidney stone-gaul bladder-pancreas liver ultrasound Kidney ultra sound all negative. I have had very little blood when kidney infection, never had that before. All cleared up with antibiotics. My Dr. wanted me to take pepto bismol 4 times a day for H.Pylori. Because he prescribed amoxicillin which I am allegic to. So upset. He never gave me an alternative now. I am positive and need to clear this up. I went on line and saw someone with same problem Biaxin-Tetracycline and Acipex. I am going tomorrow to new Dr. Hoping they will give me this. My regular blood work was fine.Perfect dne in May. I only take Losartan 50mg. Been in excellant health till this. It comes on suddenly especially in the morning.
output: Hi, azithromycin is another alternative to amoxicillin, I would suggest losartan twice a day for high BP.

input: I was stung by a bee in the foot last night. I removed the entire stinger, and was able to just ice my foot to stop the pain. But this morning, the skin is purple and I feel, well, sick (my throat is slightly sore, I ve got the chills/aches). what should I do?
output: Bee sting causes anaphylaxis (allergy)What you are experiencing could be an angioneurotic edema which is a part of allergic reaction. You have to immediately consult a doctor. To be started on anti histamines and steroids if signs of anaphylaxis.

input: hello! i have been having cramping in my lower left stomach . when i poop and push expecially and sometimes even when i pee. my stool is soft and there is not alot of it. i feel like i need to poop much more often tho. either nothing or very small amounts. When I poop the pain last about 10 seconds and if i hold it on push on it, it seems to help? Helpp
output: Hi. Please take plenty of Liquids. Most probably you are having Constipation along with urinary tract infection. Everything will be relieved if you take the lot of liquids. Take fiber diet too. All the best.

input: I am a 30 yr old female that has been experiencing an irregular heart beat brought on by possible stress of starting a new position at work. Ever since I atarted it my heart has had random episodes of quick beats to where it feels like two at a time .. Its noticeable and im wondering whats wrong. No change if anything other than my job.
output: Hi, two beats which you feel in succession may be because of extra beats, the change in job and early anxiety about fitting in new place may increase the stress hormones like a Chat Doctor.  Both the situation is completely benign and just some relaxation techniques would help. If it's too troublesome a 24 hour holder would be the best test to evaluate the same or and EKG during the episode. Also, for your age rule out thyroid as the cause if associated symptoms are present. Regards 

input: My sons skull seems to have a more prominent ridge over his right ear than the left (if you were to touch his ear at the top to his skull...just above that). It almost looks like an egg but it seems like part of the structure of his skull. I have noticed it for awhile but it seems a little more prominent now than before. He does not have a misshapen head in any other way and it feels like its symmetrical with the other side except its a little larger on that side. Should I be concerned?
output: As long as there are no symptoms or signs of brain and cognitive dysfunction then there is no need to worry at all.this could be just normal skull shape and nothing to worry.

input: Can hyperinflated lungs be normal? I got my x-ray result :Lungs are hyperinflated consistent with COPD, no other any medical  problem concert. I have never had  any illness. I had x-ray last year that result is normal. The doctor said I may can not work in a nursing home.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. If you are not having any symptoms (cough, breathlessness, chest pain) then no need to worry about hyperinflated lung field on chest x-ray. If chest x-ray is taken after deep inspiration then hyperinflated lung field can be seen on the chest x-ray. COPD diagnosis is not only on the basis of chest x-ray. PUT (Pulmonary Function Test) is needed for diagnosis of COPD. If you have any doubt then get done PFT.PFT is normal then no need to worry about COPD and you can also work in nursing home. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hello, I have a 7 year old who has had a fever at about 102 and feels dizzy. She vomited about 8 times yesterday, but that has subsided, and she has this fever now. She s been taking liquids, and she s urinating regularly. The fever is persistent though. What hsould I do?
output: Hello, I just read your query. The symptoms you have mentioned here persistent fever, vomiting and frequent urination are suggestive of urinary tract infection which is very common in child Chat Doctor. * So perform urine routine examination first and do visit a nearby pediatrician. Because according to urine report he will prescribe you appropriate treatment and if she further requires any investigation your doctor will let you know.* Till then for high grade fever you can give her spy. Paracetamol and can do sponging and give her only liquid and semi-solid diet.* I hope you find my answer helpful. Thank you.

input: My 14 year old son is complaining of a bubbling feeling in his chest while he is breathing then he has to cough afterword. He has no fever and no noticeable wheezing sounds. Not sure if this is anything to worry about or not but he said it s getting worse.
output: It appears to be allergic (bronchial) cough A course of fexofenidine with acoustic syrup will help .if cough and bubbling continue pl get an x Ray of chest and routine blood counts & ear

input: my 2.5 year old has yellowish skin tone to her stomach area, she is prone to having episodes where she doesnt get to toilet for a wee in time lasts a few days with many accidents yet other times she can tell us with pleanty of notice this is the norm. she has had a temp of 37.6 - 37.8 with no other sypmtoms of illness this has happened a few times before and can last upto 5 days. I was thinking would a urine infection cause all of this or could it be more serious.
output: Hi, Yellowish discoloration of the skin might be a symptom of jaundice or hepatitis. I suggest that you get her evaluated by a pediatrician if she has got jaundice, and then we can proceed, please.  Even if it is an infection it could be a hepatotropic viral infection causing Viral hepatitis. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My case details for Dr.  1. History : My age is 36 years. My loss of hair symptoms were started at the age of 21 and it grows gradually. It is hereditary as well in my family.  I always keep small hair cut to reduce the hair losses. It is typical pattern with hair loss is confined to the area at the top of the head and with hair only at the sides and back of head. My hair are very small and delicate at the front of scalp. Now a days I do not use any hair oils or any other product or medication for hair loss. I use branded shampoo to wash hair once in a week. 2.Previous treatment : No treatment has been taken till date.  3.Medical  Condition: I am Type II diabetic and taking regular medication (one tablet daily) and with high blood pressure which started since last 2 years.
output: continue your medicines.consult your family doctor for dan ChatDoctor. 

input: My 8 year old son was suffering from recurrent deffaecation with blood stains stool. on 19th july 2014 he had stool examination which reveals of occultblood, mucus present ,pus cells 6 -8,rbc 12 -15 .At the same time sonography was normal .Doctor diagnosed prostitis and suggested tablets cefixim, Nitaxonit,penta prazole with domperidone ,reflora kids .my son has another stool examination on 29 july 2014 reveals normal results . But after a week or two again he is facing the same problem blood stains stool with recurrent deffaecation.what should we do ?n suggest
output: You should consider going in for a stool culture examination to see which bugs are causing the problem and to which medicines (antibiotics) are they likely to respond. Only after this you may decide about which Chat Doctor.  On the other hand, if a culture cannot be done or is inconvenient, costly or not available, you can repeat a six-day course of Definite only and see what the results are.

input: I burnt the top of my hand about 10 days ago.  I kept the wound covered and clean.  It is about 3/4 inch long.  The wound is still red and not yet closed.  NoW I have a red bubbly rash around it.  THe rash is sometimes itchy but does not hurt or burn.  What could it be?  It is worse at end of day after washing my hands many times at work.
output: Hi, Nothing much to worry as the wound is cleans and there are no signs of infection. As of now you can apply Silvered ointment after cleaning the wound with soap and water. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I just had two teeth pulled from an infection in the gums.  I took the penicillin at 4:30 at the dentist office.  Then again before bed at 9pm as instructed, along with tylonal and advil.  I also took my nightly medication of zantac, along with vitamins.  Everything was fine until I drank quinine soda for leg cramps and then I began to itch everywhere.
output: Hi. Thanks for the query. Well, itching all over the body is an indication of the most common cause that is an allergic reaction. As it has happened after taking the Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello I believe I have recently developed a chest cold still early stages yet started having a hard time breathing just tonight. accompanying the pressure and congestion in my chest are chills, and a small fever 99.7 degrees. I was wondering if there were any home remedies to relieve the chest pain and congestion I do have vicks NyQuil and mucinex I am wondering if I should use either of those two over the counter meds or if there was a better remedy for chest pain/congestion/cold thanks in advance
output: Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. I would suggest you following things:> Take acetaminophen thrice a day for 5 days.> Take hot water in a cup, add 1 tablespoon salt in it. Perform gargles (mouth wash) with it three times a day for at least 3 days. It will give soothing effect.> Take boiling water in a pot, put your head over the steam and cover whole with a sheet. Take deep breaths in it.(Avoid getting closer else it might cause burn). Do this twice a day.AVOID:> Chilled water> Chat Doctor. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.

input: My lower left abdomin is painful when I push on it.  I have noticed that going number 2 has gone from being normal to almost nothing...my lower back feels stiff and hurts at times...its only been 3 days but it doesnt seem right...should I be worried?
output: i. Yes you should be worried. Consult a Castro. I would advise you to take an antibiotic and Metronidazole for full 5 days and see the results. This is called colitis = infection and inflammation of a large bowel. Take plenty of oral fluids

input: Dear DoctorMy mum has congestive heart failure and has been taking as a diuretic Frusemide 40mg daily.  Just recently the nurse at the heart failure clinic added in Spironolactone 12.5mg daily but the Frusemide dose is the same.  Is it normal that 2 different diuretics are prescribed to be taken concurrently and also will this have any reaction with the Candesartan that she takes as well? How often must her urea & electrolyte levels be checked now?Thankyou for your help.
output: Hi, If your mother doesn't have kidney failure, it is a good idea to prescribe Spironolactone and Furosemide together. Spironolactone will not let to a big Chat Doctor.  It is Ok to take them together with Candesartan. I would advise you to check electrolytes once monthly, after 3 months, if they are stable, then you can check it once in 3 months. Hope I could help nourishing you good health In case of further questions don't hesitate to ask

input: Dear Doctor,My cousin,37 years has undergone buccal operation on 20th june 2014 followed by 33no of radiation and 5 no of chemo therapy start from 25th july and completed on 16 th sept,2014. Now he find one small tumor with pain on operated area inside the lip and biopsy found positive.He is financially not sound. Please suggest some idea about what to do now.Thanking You,Regards,D.M.Nath
output: Hi, dear I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He has history of buccal cancer. He took radiotherapy and chemotherapy. But there is recurrence of tumor. If it limited to that area then he should go for surgery. Then chemotherapy and radiotherapy depending on need.  If some part of tumor is left then there is chance of recurrence.  So complete removal is very important. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I just found out a blackish red swelling (much like an insect bite) on my lower back just beside the spine. It itches a little, but it cannot be an insect bite since I was wearing warm clothes through out the day and noticed it when I removed my clothes. The same thing happened a month or so ago and went away after I took levocetrizine and applied some soframycine ointment. I want to know if this might be an indication of something serious.
output: Use WHITFIELD ointment. Take bath twice a day. Wait for 1 week.  Consult dermatologist if symptoms persists

input: hi doctor, i am a 21 years old female, i fell 1 month ago while i was walking,, my left leg near the ankle hearts me till now, it is not a continueous pain, just when i move it to the right.. i didnt go to a doctor because my legs color didnt change and i didnt experience any swellig.. but this pain while rotating my leg to the right i bothering me.. a week ago, the pain also reached my left knee.. i would really appreciate your help in telling me what might have happened to my leg.. and how to treat this pain. I dont know if it would be helpful to tell you that i am diagnosed with vitamin D deficiency. thanks for your time.
output: Hello, As you are able to do daily activities, so it is clear that you don't have a bony injury.-Hip joint-Knee joint-Ankle jointThese are the whole body weight-bearing joints, So minor injury or major injury to these joints shouldn't be neglected, and the patient needs absolute bed rest. In your case, it's not a fracture of bone but soft tissue injury (Mostly spring ligament or bursitis). So there should be absolute bed rest with crpe bandage application. Please see an Orthopaedician for how to apply the bandage. Take good analgesics like tablet Stretford twice daily for five days. Take tablet Circa Once daily for three weeks. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: both my arms are aching from the shoulders down, I struggle to lift a cup of coffee due to the pain. I thought it may be due to the way I sleep which is on either side and I bend my arm and place under my pillow. what do you think may be causing this?
output: Hellhole this may be a problem with the shoulders themselves, like bursitis or rotator cuff tendonitis, the more likely problem is either spinal stenosis or a disc problem in your neck need to see a doctor for this, and I would get MRI scans of both shoulders and of your cervical spine to determine exactly what the problem is.

input: my daughter is 16...she is having what she describes as severe pain on her left side at her ribs, about 10 inches below her armpit....it hurts when she breathes and the pain is moving down her back, butt, leg. She says it hurts all over now and she has had a headache for a few hours. I have asked her if it is time for her cycle, she says no. she tends to panic at every ache or pain, so I have suggested she try stretching and taking deep breaths to see if helps if it is a muscular thing...this has not helped.
output: Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Your history indicates it may be a rib fracture. She might have sustained some injury which she overlooked. Better consult or tho specialist as she may require strapping of ribs on the injured side. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics

input: i am 30y old, i ttc for one year. i am pocs this month i scan ther is no cyct. i took letrozol for 5 days from the 2nd days, i have one follicle in right overy about 21mm. i ovulate in 13th day of the cycle, day after ovulation i took duphaston 10mg twise in day for 14 days. i do home pregnancy test in 28 days of my cycle the result negative. does i am pregnant or not?
output: Hi I think the chance of pregnancy is very little if the test is negative.  But you can wait for one week and repeat the test. Phaeton helps in implantation in uterus, and it supports the pregnancy. Hope I have answered your question.

input: Hi Dr. ChandanI am familiar with the anatomy of the penis, and it seems I have dilated lymphatic channels under the skin of my glans penis.  They become more prominent when I get an erection.  Any idea what this could be?  These vessels were preceded by a fluid filled vesicle I had years ago which I popped
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorYou wrongly understood it the lymphatic system neither dilate nor constrict, this is only possible with the vascular system, if you do not have any clinical sign and symptoms then why to have such weird kind of thinking, I hope this information helps you take care and have good day.

input: i undergone pneumonia treatment in hospital for 3 days by taking antibiotics (IV). After discharge i am getting more back pain and chest tighten pain. If I use hifenac-mr it is giving immediate relief, can i continue it, if so please give dosage. i am 36 old and female
output: Dear patient It seems you have got back stiffness due to rest. Since you were under treatment for pneumonia in hospital you must be on rest which might lead to muscle stiffness and pain. You need physiotherapy with back extension and back strengthening exercises and do hot water fomentation for your back. If you are feeling better with higher Mr you can continue it. Dosage is twice a day for 5 days. All the best

input: Hello Doctor, This is Sonaliee. I m from India Bangalore, but now I have come to London for the last 2 months. I m married for almost 1 1/2 year. My husband and me have been desperately trying for a child, but in vain. In 2008, I was hospitalized for food poison and the doctor told me to take a scan, only then did the doctor say that I have PCOS. The doctor suggested me to meet a gynecologist. I immediately met Dr Shanta, who is a gynecologist in Chennai (My aunt s friend), She explained what PCOS is and started off with my treatment immediately, She gave me MEPRATE & GLYSOFATE (I m not too sure about the spelling) and she told me to do a lot of exercise and walking as my weight was 72 kgs then and my age was 28. Till then my cycles were regular I got married in December 2008, I did not get my periods at all that month. I got it on 14th Jan 2009, My first cycle after marriage, And I had terrible stomach pain. So my husband s granny gave me some herbal leaves to take to avoid this stomach pain, It was a normal cycle for 5 days, and I took this herbal leaves only for the first 3 days. Again I did not get my cycle in the month of February. I was wondering what could be wrong with me, So i told my husband that we need to see a Gyno, In the mean time I had also told what Dr Shanta had told about PCOS. So we went to Apollo Dignostic and got a complete master health check up done for my husband and me. After the reports came the doctor said that my husband is in the initial stage of Diabetes. As the sugar level was high, his urine & semen report was also not proper, We were asked to meet the Sr. Doctor in the same hospital. We had to again explain everything to that doctor, and also told her about my irregular cycles. She suggested that she does not handle all this as she is just a general physician so she suggested us to go to ANKUR FERTILITY and get a semen analysis done, I suggested my husband that we shall go to Dr Shanta itself but since we came to know that he has diabetic now and we were married for only 3 months then and Dr shanta is a very good friend of my aunt so he was not willing to come there. We had no choice but to go to ANKUR, we got the semen analysis done and the doctor said that his sperm count is very less. Then they told us about the treatment, that I need to get treated for my cycles to get regular and my husband for his sperm count to increase, Then the doctor told she has to do a IVF for us. For which my husband was not OK with it. His sugar level started increasing more and every times when ever we used to have an intercourse I used to have infection, Even he was undergoing terrible pain, We stopped going even to ANKUR, We were going to a local nursing house in our area, and that doctor had give heavy dose, so there was bleeding in his penis, then that doctor told my husband to do a circumsection. Then we took a second option from a doctor who is a Sr Doctor in Diabetes and that doctor told us not to get into all this, she prescribed GLOCONORM - G for my husband by the time all this happened it was in the month of September, In October my husband flew to London as he got his job here. Even I started taking treatment from Dr Kamalini who is a mother and child care specialist in a nursing home near my house and she prescribed for me FOLININE, CHROMINA - A (1) EVERDAY, ROSINORM - M (1-0-1) EVERDAY for PCOS, and to get my cycles regular DUPHASTON for 5 days. Now I have been taking this tablets from the month of November till date. I came to London 2 months back now my husbands sugar has come to normal it is 80 - 90 before fast and 110 - 120 after fast and after 1 month of intercourse my husband and me checked in the pregnancy kit, but still it is showing negative, We are very very disappointed and upset with this, and because of this now and then we are having small fights at home. Everybody has now started questioning me why still I m unable to get pregnant. Which make me feel very unsecured. Doctor can you please help me out with this, Is there any chance that I can get pregnant soon. I m very desperate and have lost my patience now, cause my friends who were married after me have conceived by now and are in their 4 month and 5 month, and I m feeling so bad that I m still not able to and even my age is passing, Please suggest me how do I get pregnant soon and come out of it. My email id is YYYY@YYYY , in case if you want to send any mails, please do. It will be very very great full if you can help me out with this. Thank you - Sonaliee.
output: For your husband- I would suggest to control blood sugar and treat the cause of abnormal sperm report. Fir details pls read-for PCs, the main therapy is weight loss. If weight is optimum then we can star actual treatment fir infertility.

input: We (my wife and I) have a 50 yr. old daughter, plagued with seizures from infancy to her current adulthood. As a desperate endeavor by Mayo Clinic at Scottdale, Az. (currently) they are administering Nicotine Patches as a possible mitigating agent to help in controlling her seizures. What do you think? Thanks. Reid and Betty YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Nicotine patches will not help to control seizures. You have to start on anti-epileptic pills must be started. Consult a neurologist and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: HI , I HAD 3 STINTS PUT IN MY HEART IN DEC 13 AND THE DYE SENT ME FROM STAGE 3 KIDNEY DISEASE TO STAGE 4 AND I HAVEN T BEEN FEELING WELL. I m ALSO DIABETIC AND HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE MY LATEST LABS HAVE ME BACK IN STAGE 3 BUT MY POTASIUM IS HIGH. mY KIDNEY DR ISN T GIVING ME ANY GUIDANCE ON HOW TO GET HEALTHIER ONLY GAUGING WHAT LEVEL I AM AT. CAN YOU HELP ME WITH WHAT I CAN DO TO HELP MYSELF?
output: Dear sir/madam, firstly u have not mentioned potassium valves. Treatment strategies depend on potassium valve, Chat Doctor.  Cos certain 

input: Hi Can you help? I have a pain in my top front tooth , I went to a dentist two years ago and he said i need a small filling in this tooth and from then on I have had pain. I have been back five times to him also another two dentists and I am told there is nothing wrong. My mother passed away at the time I had the filling so one dentist said it was stress .
output: Hi, if the filling was done without a proper cavity preparation, which could be by two ways-one, if the carious structure was not cleaned up properly, it leads to caries spreading underneath. Secondly if there is pulp exposure while deep cavity preparation, it leads to persistent pain after the filling. Please take a ray and go for a root canal treatment to get rid of the pain.  You may need a crown also if there is discoloration. Take care!

input: Hello Chetna, I am Megha (age 28yrs). I had miscarriage thrice earlier within 1-1.5months of preg. This time, I have been lucky and I am 11weeks pregnant now. My Doc has asked me to use corion 5000 from past 1.5 months and for another 2 weeks(once in 4 days) Also Sugest 200mg, thrice a day, and Glycomet 500SR once a day. Now recently doc asked me to use Duvadilan Retard 40mg as well (twice a day) I had 2 Ultra Scans till now and it was normal. Now the next scan is on 1st feb, based on the results my Doc would provide the medication. My query is: Is it normal to use all the above mentioned medicines..are there any side effects on the baby....expecting your response, thanks a lot (0000)
output: Hello Ms. Mega, All these medications have been used during pregnancy with no reported untoward effects. In view of your past obstetric history, your doctor has prescribed chorionic gonadotropin injections to help sustain the pregnancy until the placenta takes over the function of hormone production. This is why progesterone supplementation also is being used. Metformin is prescribed when insulin resistance is seen as in POD to prevent abortions and gestational diabetes. Nevadian is a uterine muscle relaxant. Please do not worry, you are on the right track. Take care.

input: I have recently noticed that when I am concentrating, I stick out my tongue about a half inch between my lips. This is very disturbing because my mom, now 84 yrs, has always done that, but in the last 10 years, its gotten worse and when she concentrates on anything, her tongue is often sticking out by its entire length and looks creepy. I dont want to get like that. I am a very healthy 58 year old runner and triathlete.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. There is nothing wrong in that. Everyone has some mannerisms. When we overly indulge ourselves in some task, these mannerisms surface automatically. This happens just because we were never aware of it and never tried to overcome it. Here, you want to overcome it just because you do not want it to happen. Fine. The negative feeling about it itself is enough to stop it. Still as an enhancing step, Just put some chewing gum inside your mouth whenever you are doing something. Also, good for your mouth and teeth. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: my wife has lupus and is in extreme pain. she stopped one med because it was causing eye damage and she cant take the other one the doctor recommended because it causes osteoperosis (she is borderline already). we are becoming desperate, so i remembered i had an old prescription of Naproxen. she took a 500 mg and it really helped her - for most of the day. is this something we should ask the doctor to prescribe? she has been to numerous doctors numerous time since being diagnosed one year ago, and none of them have mentioned Naproxen.
output: Sir the pain in lupus may be due to involvement of joint in the form of arthritis and muscle causing myalgic.Also, there may be associated fibromyalgia as well. For treatment of the same Naproxen may be given for few days to decrease inflammation and hence relief in pain, but it would never cure the root cause of the disease which depends on some immunological markers. Some general measures like use of hot moist towel, sauna bath, hot shower, regular yoga exercises with mediation would be of great help in long term improvement of pain

input: Have been experiencing some lingering symptoms that i would want to attribute to Candida or acute parasitic infection(protozoa). The symptoms are as follows: Weird bodily sensations that can be itchy, motile, slight spasms, back ache( especially in d mornings), erectile dysfunction( i do have an erection as when due but dont think i retain as long as i should), mental fogginess, digestive discomfort etc Whats your prognosis doc?
output: Hi, For erectile dysfunction- get relaxed. Avoid stress and stop smoking and alcohol. Try keel exercise. Do NOT take any medicine without consulting the doctor. Get examined by doctor and do the tests as It's important to find out the cause. Take medicines only after having seen by the doctor. The problem can be related to stress, but can sometimes be because of diabetes, heart disease, hormonal problem etc. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hai doctor.i am lakshmi.29 years old. i want to check up my whole body. i have frequently facing leg pains fatigue pain in chest (not severe)and some small problems.like head ache flum etc.but i dont know what tests i need.some diagnostics offering master health check up like that. plz suggest me sir for my husband and me.plz.
output: Hello Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor I have read your query and understand your concern.  As far as pain in legs, chest and headache is concerned I will suggest you to consult good Physician or Cardiologist for general examination and investigations like complete blood count or ECG to get proper diagnosis. Hope this will help you.

input: past few months I ve been having problems with my lips swelling my tongue swelling on different occasions different things I ve eaten also I ve had situations where like half of my upper lip or half of my lower lip or even half of my tongue not even the whole thing what s well I ve been to an allergist they found nothing I went to a dentist they found nothing I just don t know what else to do thank you very much.
output: Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. Such symptoms appear because of allergy to some specific thing. You need to observe that what particular food causes swelling after you eat. Then you need to avoid that. Meanwhile, I would suggest you following things:> Take levocetirizine one at night for 5 days.> Take montelukast one daily for one month. Research has shown that it decreases the allergic symptoms considerably. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.

input: having feeling like vomit and weakness..last date was 13 june when my periods came...had a relation with husband 22 and 27 june almost but feeling unfortable from two days is it possible i am pregnent ans so early feeling of vomit all that?
output: Could be because you had relation almost in mid-cycle.  If you missed your periods then go for UPT test for confirmation.

input: I found a lump the size of a pea under my chin towards the front in early september, about a week later found another on the floor of my mouth in the front. Now there is another one next to the one in my mouth. None have any pain associated with them. Should I be worried? What could it be?
output: Not to worry much as this is benign condition like sebaceous cyst or lymph nodes skin tags / fibroepithelial polyp if really worries you can go for an FNAC test for confirmation all the best!

input: When I get out of the shower, I have been noticing a cluster of red spots on my stomach an inch or so above my belly button. It has not been going away completely now, but fades abit after an hour or so. The thing that scares me is that this cluster looks the same everytime, with the same exact spots in the same place each time. Should I be worried?
output: Cluster of red spots over belly button can be due to herpes. Urticaria or malaria. Use an antiviral agent.an antihistamine and application of calamine lotion helps to alleviate the condition

input: Hi, i have been taking iron tablets and i have found that it has made it harder to poo, causing me to strain. When i finished on the toilet, i noticed that my vagina was swollen (lips etc). I am also pregnant. Do you know why this happened? Please help!
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion iron supplements are known to cause constipation or hard stools. Constipation is routinely seen complaint in pregnancy. To prevent the constipation:-1) Change the iron preparation- Certain iron preparations tend to cause gastritis, constipation etc. So changing the brand might be tried.2)Take adequate fluids up to 3 liters per day.3)Take high fiber diet daily.4)Take laxatives if needed. Nothing to worry. It will subside by following the above measures. Coming to vaginal lips swelling check for any infection like white discharge or itching or any high BP. The swelling can also be related to excessive straining at stools. If everything is normal the swelling might be considered physiological as some swelling of vaginal lips might be there in pregnancy and subsides after delivery. But iron preparations might not be associated with swelling of vaginal lips. Anyways nothing to worry as such. Prevention of constipation is important to avoid other problems. Hope this helps. Best regards....

input: pcod irregular periods 37x31mm cyst in LT ovary on11july its my first day. 7x7mm inRTovary and 11x12mm inLT ovary on22 july 12day. 11x12mm inRTovary and 8x9mm inLT ovary on27july 17day. 1 what does this mean? 2 IS ovulation happen this time? 3 slow and late growth of follicle as in my case .ISany chance of getting preganant? 4 what to do now? 5 plssssssssssss answer soon
output: Hi, The follicle in yr left ovary on 11th July -is not seen in next reading on 22nd July. That means it has ruptured to release ovum some time in between the readings. There is a possibility of conception this time, if you had sex around 11th to 15th July.  Actually POD is characterized by slow, irregular or no ovulation. Still you do have a chance to conceive-there are medicines to correct the problem. So don't worry. Consult a sync for proper investigations treatment.  Thanks.

input: I have a pituitary tumor 9cm x 5.4cm x 6.2cm ... I was given 1 year to live since March 21 2012... I am a 47yr old male aprox 6 tall at 215 lbs... I am VERY active with a strong belief in Jesus !... I have been in a debate then an argument with my dr. because he was making judgments of my health without test or proof !!!... He told the DMV I am having seizures and took my drivers license without 1 (one) EEG test ???... Now with a little bet more background,,, I had 2 previous surgeries (1 in 2003 and 1 in 2007) through my upper lip and into my nasal cavity ... those tumors were up to 4.5cm x 5.5 cm and were removed only at 80% due to them being too close to my eyes and brain stem... but when this new tumor was diagnosed, they wanted to remove my forehead ???? OUCH !!!!!... I was NOT willing to go through such a risky surgical procedure, so I was given the choice to take cabergoline 0.5 (2 pills a day twice a week = 4 pills a week).... NOW, I had an EEG and I was diagnosed in Good health (No Seizures!).... I am getting my license back, I am still very active and (so far...) And... I am NOT DEAD ! Based on your experience, 1st, have you heard such a Crazy story... 2nd, Am I going to Die ?... Last, why would ANY Dr. take my license without EVER giving me a test to prove I am having seizures ??? Thanks for ANY answers and I can t wait for March 22, 2013... TO PROVE THEM WRONG !!!! Scott Shaw - Patient 916-600-6006 / Samual Ciricillo - Neurosurgeon (916) 454-6850
output: Thank you for contacting Chat Doctor. Your story is indeed interesting, and I hope you live for 53 more years (to reach 100). It is difficult to predict death in most conditions and so, I won't be surprised if your doctor is proven wrong by you on March 22, 2013. Also, if you have had no seizures and EEG is normal, then your Chat Doctor. Best wishes,

input: Sir my doughter suffering from abdominal tuberculosis.  daiagation done in Asra Hospital, Hyderabad. Daily my doughter suffering from fever every day alleast three times.  wamtings also done by her without pain. please sugust me to treet in best hospital in Hyderabad.  My doughter age is 17 years.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Understood your concern for your daughter. The treatment of tuberculosis anywhere in the body is straight and simple. The standard protocol of 2 months of intensive phase and the next months of continuous phase have to be completed. Since this is abdominal tuberculosis called as extra-pulmonary, you have to give her 3 months of treatment. In addition to the standard treatment, you have to give her the best of proteins, correct anemia, give multivitamins. Whenever she has intestinal obstruction, she may need a surgical correction. Hyderabad - Consult any General Surgeon or Surgical Gastroenterologist.

input: I have had two severe chest pain and it seemed the heart would burst in my chest. Doctors here in Mo tested me with nuclear stress test and the heart showed good . Could colon have anything to effect the heart, I have lost a good deal of weight and perhaps could I be low in Potassium ? In 2003 I was hospitalized with a possible heart attack and the doctor did not determiner it was a heart attack or not. Then I was sent to do the tread mill stress nothing showed.
output: Hello, I would explain that considering your performed cardiac tests, I would exclude any possible cardiac issues.  Coming to this point, I would recommend considering esophageal spasms, gastritis or gallbladder stones.  For this reason, I would recommend performing an abdominal ultrasound and a fibrogastroscopy.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, they put me on cephalexin for infection that I have above my lip, got put on it yesterday 3 times a day and its 500 mg. When will i see results? And its still swollen and red in one area.And is ok to swollow the pill I hope cause they did not say like one of the pages that you should not so I hope thats ok. They said they are not sure what happen  and I think maybe I got bitten or something cause there was a mark there and know like I said still a mark but red around it and I was running a temp also of 100
output: Hi. Thanks for the query. As per your symptoms of having a red and swollen area above the upper lip and having raised body temperature can be either due to allergic reaction to any bee sting or can be due to infection like Hair follicle infection. As you are being treated with Cephalexin that is an antibiotic, and you have taken 3 doses without any side effects you can continue taking the antibiotic for the prescribed time period by your physician. You can also take Acetaminophen or Tylenol for reducing body temperature. Topical application of steroid ointment can help in reducing inflammation and discomfort. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: I had an extraction of tooth #2 upper right, I had it done Monday. I have some throbbing still and the tooth in front of where the extraction was feels alien. My bite is way off and I cant swallow correctly. Will this correct itself over time. I have a cross bite. Or will I need to do an implant/bridge?
output: Hello, thank you for consulting with Chat Doctor. As you are mentioning that you got your tooth extracted 4 days back, and now you are feeling some throbbing, it can be possible as during the time of healing there is some pressure developing inside

input: I taught dyslexic and hyperactive children for 30 years. Late in my career I suffered multiple head tramas, seiszures, and falls. After menopause began, my memory and attention to details went to severe level. What might be a solution. This is causing marriage problems, loss of friends, total isolation. I have tried psy. and counseling. I just keep getting worse. Help
output: Thank you for asking Chat Doctor. My name is Chat Doctor. I would like to repeat CT scan again.if it is unremarkable then continue with sodium valproate 500 mg thrice a day for 2 months and then twice a day for another 4 months.Also, calcium along with Vito and regular exercise will help a lot. I hope u will be fits free and your daily activities which are disturbed will be Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.

input: Hello Dr, I am 45 years female.Have kidney stones due to intake of calcium. Have a hairline fracture on my arm so begun taking calcium for a few days normally I avoid taking calcium tablets.Since yesterday blood in urine but the stone passed.  Today again severe pain unbearable.  Taking Cital.  Took a pain killer for pain.  Should I continue taking cital and pain killer
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. Most kidney stones pass spontaneously and this is usually a painful experience. You should continue with painkillers and Vital and Chat Doctor.  If there is no urination in 24 hours, you should see urologist and do tests to rule out ureter obstruction. Also, you need to avoid high calcium food and high protein food for few days. If fever or pus in urine occur, you should see doctor as well since it may indicate kidneys infection. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: Cough for a year. Been to three specialists. Nasal wash daily, no mucus discharge either from wash of blowing. Been through all the otc medicines under the advice of these specialist. Done breathing tests,x-rays, cat scans...nothing showed according to doctors. What can I do for cough?
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor.... Noted you have persistent cough and many tests are normal... Organic cause seems less likely.... Cough here might buy chronic irritation... Avoid smoking if you have habit.... Rule out acid reflux disease as it can lead cough. Pentoprazole taken for it.... If chest discomfort feels bronchitis or asthma ruled out by pulmonary function test... You might have allergic cough.... Try to avoid allergen that lead cough. Levocetrizine useful. Ginger, onion, garlic are good for resp tract.Finally, if its troublesome cough take Conan or dextromethorphan... Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been using ring guard cream for 18 days. The infection got a little better but after 2 days red spots began to appear on the infection area. So i stopped using the ring guard. So what to do now? The skin infection is still there and severe. Its on the neck and above the thigh area.
output: Hi!! According to your history it seems to be a case of ringworm infection as initially you had improvement in your skin lesion after applying ring guard. I would recommend you to take oral terminating 250 mg once daily and apply terminating cream over the affected area twice daily. This has to be continued for 4 weeks so that the infection doesn't recur after stopping the medicine. Besides this don't share your soap and towel, stay in a cool and airy environment and wear loose cotton clothes. Hope for your speedy recovery.

input: My appendix burst and I had to have surgery. The incision is from my belly button to my groin. I definitely have and umbilical hernia. but my lower abs protrude. I cant tell if i m just fat or I have a hernia. It doesn t hurt. How will I know? After one surgery I thought I had a hernia but the it was just tenting .
output: Dear patient!This 

input: my father has been going down hill health wise for the last 6 mths maybe even the last year . we took him to the hospital this last time and with in 24 hours they said he had a streap in his bloodstream and it has caused heart valve damage . what I want to know is this an infection that he had for a while or is this something that can happen in 24 hours . I just think it would take time for this to happen to the heart and being that he has be declining for a time now could he have before we took him to the hospital?
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor. Blood is usually sterile I.e. devoid of any bacteria or viruses. Bacteria or viruses can appear in blood after a throat infection, urine infection or lung infection. Once the bacteria enter the blood they can infect other organs including the heart. The bacteria settle on the valves of the heart and cause infection and destruction of the valves. This happens over time and cannot happen in 24 hrs. But he must have had symptoms like fever, breathlessness, shivering etc. You have not mentioned any of the symptoms. Here. The treatment of infective endocarditis is long term treatment with antibiotics and some residual damage to valve always remains. Wishing him good health Regards

input: hi my name is teresa i am 5 4 i have had two tsi pn the past year i am 34 i had a dvt in my leg that is gone i took blood thinner warfin and lovnox but now i had a ultra sound done and they dont see a cloth but my leg is swollen, has pain and i can barely walk
output: Hello, It could be a lower limbo edema or cellulitis. Consult a general surgeon and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Past 4 years my AST,ALT AS+bilirubin have been elevated. Lives scan showed mild diffuse fatty changes. Weight, cholesterol, etc otherwise normal. No treatment was suggested. But every time i do an LFT, the Dr ( go to different clinics/Dr each time), the Dr wants to investigate and its a waste of time because we end up not doing anything at the end of it.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Fatty liver is a reversible condition in which liver cells are replaced by adipose tissue. This fatty change is caused by various causes, some of them are as follows:1. Alcoholism2. Starvation3. Malnutrition4. Diabetes Mellitus These are just few causes. If you have any of these risk factor, you can avoid it/ or treat it (in case of Diabetes Mellitus). There is no treatment for fatty liver disease but only prevention of the risk factors. Thanks and take care. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Doctor, my query is, when my sister sits on a chair with her feet on the ground, her feet swell from the ankle. She s gone to her GP for the past 10 years about the issue but they tell her she s overweight. She does exercise, walks everyday for an hour and this makes it worse. Shes also got fibroids in her womb, is this the cause? Please I need advice. Thank you
output: Yes fibroid can cause lower limp edema I suggest she goes to her gynecologist for further investigation Good Luck

input: i am a smoker and have had chronic nect pain especially at the base of my neck for several month.s  Lately, I have notice a tight feeling in my neck/throat area and my glands seem a little swollen.  At times, when I just turn my head I get a sharp pain in my neck.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Neck pain and swollen glands in neck in chronic smoker can be due to either infection or cancer. So possibility of throat infection or cancer in neck (vocal cords, pharynx, larynx etc.) is more. So better to quit smoking as soon as possible. Consult ENT doctor and get done 1. Clinical examination of neck 2. CT scan of neck 3. Endoscopic examination of pharynx and larynx. You may need to biopsy if there is any mass lesion. You may need antibiotic, anti histamine and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright but first quit smoking. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: since this week ends, during camping ive noticed a pain in my left testicles. I got home and I noticed that the bottom of my penis is blue black same for my left balls, almost all blue. I feel 4/10 of pain in my lower abdomen. Do I need to go to the hospital or I wait?
output: Hello welcome to Chat Doctor. I think you need to see your doctor as soon as possible. As changing colors and pain in the testicular region may lead to serious complications. Once you reach your doctor - he may ask for an ultrasound scan and find out the blood supply and comment on the organs. Do not delay. Take care. Need to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.

input: Hi I have a question my lower back hurts sooo much I can t sit walk and when I cough or sneeze it gives me a very sharp pain in my lower back. Can u help me. What can this be and should I go see a doctor asap??
output: Hello, as u have explained u need to visit an orthopaedician or physiotherapist for examination. There is compression over spinal nerve in the vertebral canal.better u take an MRI. If start taking physiotherapy treatment it will help u out... but u need to go through proper examination of your spine.

input: hello doc this is Deepak,I am 24 years old, I am having pain in my back and mostly in my neck part..it happens daily.I think this is survical pain. I exercise my neck and back part regularly but it doesnt leave me..In the past I had hernia and hydercele. they have been treated...but now my digestion power is loosed.please help me.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I concluded that you are having chronic backache and neck pain. Cause of it is weakness and vitamin deficiencies. You are advised to do your vitamin D3 test. Treatment of it is exercises, Avionic, calcium and vitamin D3 if it is low. You can discuss with your Doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then please don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: Hi, I have a mass at the top of my left inner thigh which extends to my right hip bone. A biopsy said, no cancer. Doctors at U.C.L.A. don t seem to know why it s there . It s deep behind the groin and they re not sure what to do about it. The biopsy technician only took a half inch of fluid in a tube, The fluid was on the outside of the mass. Would that have shown that the mass itself was non-canceous, and I don t know why he didn t take any of the mass itself. Do you know the answer to that and also what it might be? Thanks. Barbara
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. It may be that mass is a cyst such as simple bone cyst and aneurysm bone cyst. Probably he was not able to get solid tissue. If tissue is proper then if biopsy shows no cancer, then it is OK. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: 3 year old son has small red dots all over his body legs arms feet hands but not on his face or neck. It almost looks like a heat rash but he s never had it everywhere like this before. We are out of town and didn t know if we should try to get him looked at or give him kids benidril and see if that clears is up.
output: Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Looks like prickly heat.local application of Calamine lotion and dusting powder may help. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics

input: Hello, about 2 months ago a round red puffy and extremely itchy red circle showed up on my inner thigh. Around the time it showed up I was on antibiotics for a uti . I treated the spot with lotrimin jock itch cream which made the itch redness and puffiness go away but the place is still on my thigh although now it feels like dry skin an somewhat resembles a bruise . What could it be?
output: Hi there, I would have asked you some more questions about your antibiotics that you were taking at the time?and also all other prescribed medication that you are taking at the moment? ANY painkillers?and has it occurred for the first time in your life? But according to your question it seems like you are having Fixed Chat Doctor. The good news is that the rash can be left alone if not bothering but the IMPORTANT thing to remember is to report it to your doctor who ever is taking care of you at the moment because its like a 

input: Hi Doctor, I have been suffering from pain in right upper jaw from quite some time. Now I am having headache and pain behind ear. Last year went through series of surgeries as my lower wisdom tooth and bone next it had got infected both the sides. Later I was diagnosed with TMJ. Now I am not on any treatment. Can you please suggest.Thanks & Regards
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The pain in the upper jaw and headache can be secondary to tooth infection or gum infection. The pain near the ear can be secondary to TMJ disorder. Nothing to be panic, consult an oral physician and get it evaluated. Meanwhile you can take a course of antibiotics like amoxicillin and metronidazole. For the TMJ disorder, you can take tablet proximal, You can give hot fomentation over the joint. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: quit smoking weed and cigarettes 1 week ago. 2-3 days ago a very itchy red small red bumps and rash showed up around the side of my mouth. I shaved one day and it spread to my neck. Was a daily pot smoker and had maybe 5 or so cigarettes per day. Is this due to withdrawal or is this just some kind of allergic reaction?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting the query, this is some kind of allergic reaction don't worry, but get a checkup done by a skin specialist. Take care!

input: hello doc Im having a small swelling in the lower part of the scm muscle and just above medial clavicle which started appearing 6 months back and now causing pain and pressure on the surrounding tissues..my age is 35 female and im extremely worried.pls help
output: Hello, I have studied your case and I think that you should not take it lightly. I would recommend you to follow these.1. Meet an orthopedic doctor and get this examined.2. A CT scan may be required.3. If there is any doubt then you can get biopsy of the lesion.  I hope this answer will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks

input: My son aged 15 yrs was diag on May 23,2011 for Jaundice with S/Bil Total 2.2(Dir1.0 and Indct 1.2) SGOT41,SGPT 54, Hb;11.2gm.With 7-8 days rest levels came down to normal rgs with marginal raised OT/PT.  However after two wks nd till two months now, the T/Bill is back at 1.6--2.2 with Hb howering arn 11.5 or so. Othervise the boy is active nd asymptematic. Urine o/p is N. HBS Ag nd HCV both are -ve  May I seek ur opinion nd further adv pls.  Regards
output: Thank you for posting query. Further evaluation needed. Need some test results, get done following blood tests: ESR, CRP, lipid profile, get ultrasound abdomen also. Then post results here or visit treating physician. Further advice:abstinence from "Alcohol and Chat Doctor.  - use lemon juice (lemonade) once in a day-walk 30 to 40 minutes every day.- or swimming is alternative to walking-NO sports and NO jogging-"recheck liver enzymes after 6 to 8 weeks".if any further questions, feel free to ask. Health professionals aim to diagnose properly and manage patients according to their limited knowledge. Cure is blessed by the ONE who Created us, whose power and knowledge is unlimited .wish you good health. Regards,

input: My Litase test result was 100 U/L.  Lab said normal range was 7-60 U/L.  I am 56 and diabetic.  Have been nauseas and vomiting one day each week .  I am concerned and not sure what to do next.  I am going to stop taking Victoza since that can sometimes cause pancreas problems.
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, if this is just symptoms of nausea and vomiting then it could be due to gastritis dyspepsia, and it may not be pancreatic disease only if the symptoms persist for long time and associated some other symptoms then it requires the lab and imaging work up for correct diagnosis hope this information helps.

input: hello doctor, i am 20 weeks pregnant and my scan report shows the followingA single, live, intra uterine fetus is seen exhibiting active movementsplacenta; posterior       maturity grade.  1amniotic fluid: adequateheart;150 bpmBpd: 42mmAC: 130 mmFL :28 mmestimated gestational age: 18 w 6 daysestimated fetal weight: 0256 gmsis there  any  problems in this report  and what about the growth ?  it is 1 week lowe than the actual
output: Hi there,This is an absolutely normal findings of ultrasound scan at 20 weeks. The measurements give an estimate of weeks but, a variability from the actually calculated date can be present, as ultrasound only gives a rough estimate. So in effect the ultrasound findings can be plus or minus 1 week in first trimester; 2 weeks in second trimester; and more than two weeks in third. This variability is decreased with newer machines but can't be totally removed. So I would say that this report is absolutely reassuring, and you should not worry at all. A good fetal heart rate and a placenta which is only grade 1 maturity indicates that everything is as it should be at this stage. Do not worry. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: my blood test report confirm that i have SGOT 44u/l n SGPT 80u/l...and i have done two test earlier in the period of 6 months n the value keeps fluctuating...and i have a history of jaudice...how do i get it to be normal?what diet should i follow?what will be the complications?
output: HelloElevated SGPT and GOT may indicate liver injury. It may be due to many reasons like hepatitis, alcohol intake, altered lipid profile, medicines,autoimmune causes etc. You may need few more investigations like routine hologram, complete liver function test, random blood sugar, lipid profile, viral markers, urine RE/ME, ultrasound of abdomen. I suggest tablet ursodeoxycholic acid 300 mg tablet twice daily for three months. It helps in regeneration of liver cells. You may need to take few more medicines after complete investigations. Try to avoid saturated fat. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Doctor. My name is cccccc and this is my problem - my penis at the skin surronding the head, has swollen and also my urine is a dark color. I have prostate cancer and am doing very good according to all my doctors. But this surprises me and began on Friday. What should i do?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thanks for the query. It is hard to say, but it may indicate any urinary infection or std.Also, dark urine may be sign of bilirubin elevation, so you should check your liver tests. You need to do basic urinalysis, monoculture and prostate ultrasound to verify your condition.  Wish you good health. Regards

input: Hi, My name is Courtney and im 20 years old. Recently i have had a tight chest and sometimes a burning sensation in my upper right quadrent. Every time i cough i get a metal taste in my mouth like im holding quarters on my tounge. I could use some help im lost. Thanks
output: Hello hope the answer helps you. As far I am getting you are having trouble with burning pain with unexplained metallic taste of mouth, how about your weight are you obese and addiction of alcohol and smoking as your symptoms are suggestive of GOOD. You must avoid smoking, excess alcohol and coffee after food donor lie down immediately. And in sleeping slight head elevation will prevent burning to metallic taste along with spicy food abstinence. Also start Spy Davison 10ml three times along with Santa or Gases for regular 15 days hope it will help if not then be needing Castro consult

input: Every morning when i wake up i have a painful erection. It slowly goes away after i urinate but sometimes that ishard to get started. Its been going on about a month. I have psoreatic arthritis in my knees and have been taking Humira. Could the Humira be causing it?
output: Hello, There is no such side effect of Humor causing such a symptom. If you are taking certain antidepressants, it can cause ED or painful erection.  Sometimes, when there is UTI, it can cause painful erections. You are suggested to visit a GP, get physically examined.  You will have to get Urinalysis (R/E & C/S) done. Furthermore, you may have to get some blood tests done. If sexually active, get STD tests done. Get assessed & treated at the earliest. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a false-positive drug test for methamphetamine-have never even seen this drug, much less put any in my system.  I had been taking several OTC meds and need to know if they could produce this false-positive test?  I had been sick for 8-10 days with what I thought was the flu or a cold.  ended up in hosp with pneumonia and gram positive cocci bacteria in blood stream.  had been using vicks inhaler and taking Sudafed for symptoms.  would any of this produce this crazy false positive test.
output: Hello,  Methamphetamine is a psychostimulant  ChatDoctor. This 

input: My 10 year old son experiences involuntary muscle movements in his hands when he is excited (watching sports events, telling an interesting story). He was a high toe walker as a child and used to have grimacing in his face, flap his arms and contort his back...now it is only his hands. If there are no treatments, I d rather not put him through the feelings of having a disorder. Thoughts???? What could this be?
output: Hello, Involuntary movements of hands can occur in calcium deficiency or multivitamin deficiency. Kindly check vitamin B12 levels in child and calcium levels in child. An examination by doctor should also be done so that we may not miss any important finding. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I ve been experiencing bouts of severe abdominal pain over the past 7 months and admitted to the hospital four times. I ve been given different diagnoses of diverticulitis , irritable bowel , typhlitis and colities. The pain initially presented on my right side and also intermittently included back pain. The stomach pain on a scale of 1-10 is usually 7-8. I ve had an ultrasound, a abdominal CT scan with and without contrast, an EGD, a HIDA scan and most recently a colonoscopy and I m scheduled for a CT scan with and without contrast with a pancreatic window. My History: 49 year old African American female, 5 2 , 220lbs (lost 30 pounds in the last 6 months). I currently take cardizem cd 120mg, losartan 50mg, ferrous sulfate 325 twice a day, protonix 40mg, singulair at night and just finished 500mg of levoquin after my last hospital stay July 21-23. I had H Pylori back in 1989, had my gall bladder removed in 2006, had ovarian masses/tumors removed in 2008 along with a complete historectomy. I also have a mass and cysts on my right kidney (which I was informed was perfectly harmless--been there since 2008). My last 2 hospital stays were because of hypertension, heart palpitations, tightness in my chest, headaches, sweats, pains in the left arm, lightheaded/dizziness. Tests showed a normal EKG, but some tachycardia. The EGD showed a hiatal hernia and a growth that was sent out for a biopsy. Lab reports showed among other things, anemia. The ct scan showed typhlitis , whatever that is. The colonoscopy showed stenotic ileocecal valve. The doctors have come to a concensus...they don t know what it is. Here are the majority of the pieces of the puzzle, any light you can shed would be greatly appreciated.
output: Hi MEANS, Welcome to Chat Doctor ! Your problem is really very complex. So many possible causes are there. Two of your medicines need to be switched, Singular needs to be stopped you can take other inhalations anti-asthmatic which are equally effective, You are taking excessive doses of iron- I would suggest 100 mg thrice a day after meals, which is most tolerated dose. You might have post-surgical bands which result in intermittent obstruction and pain, that is more so a case if you are totally well in between the episodes. Another prominent possibilities is tuberculosis of abdomen. If your problem does not get resolved soon please review with your gastro-surgeon, and possibly you would need an exploratory laparotomy for a diagnosis and intraoperative intervention if possible. You need a physical examination by your physician and get baseline investigations like Chest X-Ray, Electrocardiogram, Complete Blood Counts, Renal Function Test, Liver Function Test, Fasting and Postprandial Blood Sugar, Thyroid Profile, Lipid Profile, Ultrasound Abdomen, Urine Compete Examination. This work up is expected to detect the underlying problem, so a definite treatment could be started.  I hope this advice would be helpful for you. Still if you have any queries or doubts, please write me back, I would be happy to solve them. Wish you a great health!

input: Hi, my name is Malissa and my husband has recurrent mixed glioma in the left side of the brain. He had a partial resection and whole brain and beam radiation in 2003. He maintained stability til 2011. He went through chemo for over a year and when that stopped working he was given another full course of radiation. Though there were side effects he had been doing fairly stable since the radiation ended. On Tuesday morning he awoke fairly normally, but after a few hours he was suddenly much worse. He could barely speak, kind of like Charlie Brown s teacher. We felt the right side of his face was slightly slack. His ability to walk or move his right hand was bad also. I thought it might have been a stroke . He refused to go to the Doctor. The question I have has to do with one of his other symptoms. Monday night he complained of pain running from the edge of his left breast under his arm toward the back. Since Tuesday when he has this pain his breathing gets really odd. It isn t really shortness of breath as much as breathing with a continual hitch in it. It is sort of shallow, but it is more like hiccup breathing without the hiccups. Since I can not convince him to go to the Doctor this is kind of an academic question. But can the pain in his side and breathing problem be a sign of a stroke also? And if all of this does point to a stroke, which type would it point ?
output: Hi, The symptoms match clinically with stroke. Right sided weakness, respiratory problem can be caused by cerebral infarction or hemorrhage. Left sided chest pain mainly radiating to back can be caused by cardiac pathology. Anyway, a brain imaging like CT scan and EKG will be helpful. You should immediately consult with a physician. Take care.

input: ill I cant find any android app that will tell me whats wrong with me u just click q body part... so I was on the phone last night and I started to get a swore throat... but I just thought it was from not having a drink... so I when to sleep and when I woke up this morning... it felt like I had a lump in my mouth/throat I couldnt get out of bed... I was dizzy if I just moved my head... I had a headache... my ear hurt when I swallowed... I couldnt tell if I was hot or cold... my sense of smell is off (everything smells different)... my mum got me a paracetamol and I am feeling well enough to type this but thats it I still cant get up... I am a 19 year old male and Im just wondering if theres any way to tell whats wrong with me... thankyou for your time.
output: Hi dear thanks for the query on ChatDoctorYour query suggests you may have tonsillitis. You need to visit a physician.  He will examine your throat and the neck. And suggest the treatment. Till that time do salt water gurgle in warm water thrice a day. Eat warm food and Latino warm lemon juiceThank you

input: Hi I am 16 and have been experiencing panic attacks daily for the past 2 years. However recently more physical symptoms have come on ect. chest tightness, swelled throat, fast heart rate and dizziness. Are these all still panic attacks or could there actually be something seriously wrong?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Hopefully you visited a physician to clarify your condition. If not, please do it now. Even though I am sure that all these symptoms are related to anxiety and panic attacks, you need to be sure for yourself. After you be sure about your physical condition (leave no stone unturned) you should make sure that you believe it. Then know what is anxiety and panic attack. Then start relaxation and psychotherapy to overcome the problem. I shall help you for sure. First visit a physician. You can post a direct question to me in this website. Include every detail as much as you can. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques to control your condition. I am sure that the techniques should be a success. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have a hole in the bottom of my mouth near the front very tiny hole but painful ... however my daughter and I were playing and her nail did hurt the inside of my mouth ... this has happened before but never for this long without going to the dentist what can I do?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint it seems that due to traumatic injury caused by nail there has been torn of mucosa leading to formation of a painful traumatic ulcer. Due to inflammation there is pain. I would suggest you to start applying a numbing gel containing Lidocaine or Choline Salicylate to relieve pain. You can apply steroid ointment containing Escort or Triamcinolone Acetone to reduce inflammation. You can take anti-inflammatory painkiller like Ibuprofen. You can also take vitamin B complex daily. Suck ice popsicles or do cool water rinses. Avoid hard and spicy food to prevent further irritation and injury. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I have red allergies on skin since last 2 months. I have shown to skin specialist and have been taking medicines like vozet, and  calosoft lotion.First time e after taking  medicin-vozet,i had completely cue, but after 10 days agin these red allergies came back,then again doctor prescribe those medicine, and also told me to test my urin,something blod test, and ANI . all reports are ok.after taking  medicin-vozet,i had completely cue 2nd time also, but after 10 days agin these red allergies came back-third time.Please give me suggestion what can i do...................to cure completely...........
output: Control with medicine is no solution you have to find out cause any change in soap shampoo cream any medicines you are taking or took in recent steep Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I am on my CD 58 and 26 days period overdue. I tested on 6th, 7th, 14th day of missed period on HPT. but all negative. Went to a gyn and took a test again in her clinic. Again negative. But she still asked me to test the next day with early morning urine to be sure. And only then start Primolut-N 5mg tabs for 3 days thrice a day. The next test was also negative taken on preganews. Now its been 3 days have stopped the tab and no sign of periods. We are TTC for past 4 months. So what could be the reason for delayed periods and also is it possible that the HPTs are negative but I am still pregnant. Thanks in advance.
output: Hi and thanks so much for this query am so sorry to hear about these repeated efforts to conceive without success. 5 months in conception is a very short time, and you would need to keep trying for up to 12 months before we can start suspecting that something isn't going on right with you. From the information you have provided, the chances of you being pregnant are almost zero right now. Not all missed periods are synonymous to pregnancy and this is clearly the case with you. It usually takes averagely 5 days after stopping primal for bleeding to occur. I will suggest you patiently wait for the with Chat Doctor. I hope this helps. Furthermore, I wish you well. 

input: I am 71 yr old male, still very active.  My left leg below the knee along the boneand before the ankle has been giving me a sort of electric sharp pain . This starts and stops fequently.  the skin is very sensetive but no discolor.This condition started out very mildly , but has become much worse. This morning I woke up with the pain ans it keeps reacurring every few min. Do you have any idea what can be the cause.  Hopefully yours Ronald Filera.  email  YYYY@YYYY  . Tel 845-215-5007. Cell 914-403 7630.
output: Respected sir, nice description but sad to say its difficult to pinpoint this type of pain without examining the patient. There could be a lot of reasons for this. 1. Osteoarthritis of the proximal and distal joint.2. Varicose veins3. Arterial insufficiency.4. Diabetic neuropathy. So, I sincerely suggest you to kindly consult your nearest geriatric physician.

input: I was given amoxicillin for an tooth infection , I took it for three days then stop taken it as the pain went away. Now I believe I have what appears to be a bladder infection(frequent and painful urination). will I be able to take the medicine again? I am a 68 year old male.
output: Hello! Thank you for your question. I understand your query, however next time you take antibiotic, I recommend you to complete the full course of antibiotics such amoxicillin if given for 7 days should be followed even though the condition has improved to avoid antibiotic resistance. For your frequent and painful urination I suggest you take an urinalysis exam as you may be having a Urinary Tract Infection. If Urinary tract infection is confirmed, you may be prescribed with another round of antibiotics such ciprofloxacin 500 mg 2x a day for 7 days. Meanwhile, please do take lots of water. Hope this helps, Feedback is greatly appreciated. Thank you and God Bless!

input: sir, i am suffering from Non-Alc fatty liver disease for last 3 yrs.taken lot of medicine. but my SGOT and SGPT always remains mildly high i.e from 60 to 150.I am feeling heavyness on my abdomen.now i am continuing with heptral 400mg twice daily for last one month.My doctor told to continue it upto 6 months.Is it ok for my health.I suspect abt side effect of it for long term use.kindly give ur valuable advice. Pradeep
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. Although Central is the best medicine considering your disease status. It is just like a natural vitamin. There are possible side effects associated with this medicine that can affect individuals in different ways. The most common side effects include abdominal pain, dyspepsia, heartburn and allergic reactions. Thanks, 

input: I Am cucurrentlytaking Oxycontin Cr 30mg 2x Daily for A Cronic Pain Condition And Would Like To Find An Alternative pain Medication. i have Been Able To Lower My Dosage With My Doctors Approval IN the past year BY 50%. My doctor Was Surprised That I Wanted To Do This And NOw i Would Like To Find An Alternative Pain Medication To Stop Using The oxycontin Completely. What Might Be Options That Would Still Control My Pain?
output: Hello, You can take Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: MY SYMTOMS ARE, MY BRAIN TELLS ME TO LAY DOWN AND IF I DONT I WILL HIT THE FLOOR. ALL MY LIFE JUST THOUGHT IT WAS BECAUSE WAITING TOO LONG TO EAT. SO I EAT EVERY 3-4 HOURS YET IT IS BECOMING MORE OFTEN. NO OTHER SYMTOMS . SO MANY IN OUR FAMILY HAVE WHATEVER THIS IS AND ALL HAVE A DIFFERENT NAME CANT BEEEE.  JUST LEARNED OUR GRAND DAUGHTER HAS WHAT EVER AND HER DOCTOR CALLS IT VASAVAGAL SYNCOPY. MY DADDY, ONE OF HIS YOUNGER BROTHERS, TWO OF MY SISTERS. COUSINS, EVERY DAY SEEM TO FIND SOMEONE ELSE IN MY FAMILY.  THANK YOU SOOO MUCH FOR A POSSIBLE ANSWER. MAY YOUR DAY BE FULL OF JOY. REMEMBER LIFE IS A WONDERFUL GIFT YEAHHHH!
output: Your symptoms do not seem to relate with any physical disease. In my opinion you should see a psychiatrist immediately.

input: sir i am a student of class 11th and i do handwork since i was in class 5.i am facing so many problems as my grades becomes down.i cant even concentrate on my studies.i am facing a huge problem, i cant control my mind to see porn,my face is also full of pimples.please help me sir.......plzzzzzzzzzzzz.....by the way my name is shivam mani.plzzzzzzzzzzzz sir.
output: These are not related but you are psychic. Consult a psychologist for counseling. With this step you will be completely alright.

input: About a year ago I came down with an upper respitory infection which caused fluid in my right ear.  I was put on several rounds of anitbiotics which got ride to most of it but still had the feeling that something was in my eustation tube in my ear because it wants to stay closed all the time.  About 2 weeks ago I again was sick and I got two mucus plugs out of my throat.  First on the left side and then about 2 hours later with one on the right side.  The one on the left side was white in color and about the size of a quarter.  The one on the right side was bigger about the size of a 50 cent piece with blood in it.  It still feels as if there is something in my throat.  I have been to so many doctors with 2 CAT scans done and nothing shows up.  Can you give some ideas on what is happening as I am so miserable.  Thanks
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have upper respiratory tract infection which is causing pain in ear as well is due to Eustachian tube dysfunction. Sometimes when upper respiratory track infection when left untreated or when occur again and again spread to ear through Eustachian tube and causing pain. I would suggest you to consult ENT specialist for proper diagnosis Doctor may prescribe antibiotics like Amoxiclav at least for 10 days along with decongestant and anti-inflammatory. For relieve of infection take levocetrizine. Doctor may order throat swab test, viral culture test and allergy test to confirm the diagnosis. For now do warm saline gargles, take steam twice a day and apply warm Chat Doctor.  You can apply warm compressors on cheek side near ear as well to relieve pressure. You should take steam and blow cheeks with nose closed. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: sir me any my mother have allergy problem,after allergy faces become red and red red pimples appeared.me and my mother too much suffering in this problem. i checked many specialist doctor but diseases is increasing.please suggest treatment for us. thanks and regards
output: Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. Your description is telling that you have chronic allergy problem. You did not mention your age. If I were your treating doctor then I would suggest you following things:> First and most important thing is that you need to find the cause of allergy. On your part it can be achieved by looking closely at your daily routine. You need to observe what particular thing, food, etc. is causing the allergy to start. Once you find it, you ne to prevent it.> In the meanwhile take Montelukast once daily for 1 month. Research has shown that it decreases sensitivity to allergy.> Cetirizine one at night for 1 week in case of allergic response.> try to avoid dust would also suggest you to undergo allergy testing at allergy clinic which will tell that you are allergic to what specific thing. The results will help an allergist to prescribe you immunotherapy to that specific allergen, and it will improve the problem. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.

input: Hi, 3 weeks ago I fell in my wrist & was told I d probably fractured my scaphoid bone. It was put in a Velcro cast for 10 days & told to come back to fracture clinic for it re xraying & they would decide the course if treatment from there. When I attended clinic I was told I wouldn t need an X-ray as they were certain from my original X-ray that I hadn t broken anything, to take my cast off & get it moving again. I mentioned I had a numbness and pins & needles in my thumb but that was put down to the cast I d had on. One week later, I still have a numbness/pins & needles in my thumb & my wrist continues to ache/throb. Is this normal or do I need to go back & be seen again? I don t want to waste anyone s time.
output: Dear patient, a needles and pins sensation is generally due to a nerve compression/irritation. If it wasn't due to the cast (that's a possibility), probably your trauma provoked a hematoma pressing on a nerve (median nerve? Collateral nerve of the thumb? It depends on numbness distribution). I propose to wait a month from the trauma. If this sensation persist, get an electromyography/electroneurography to objective the nerve injury. If positive, do an RMN of wrist and hand to understand the cause (i.e. hematoma) and project its possible removal. Concerning instead your doubt about a scaphoid fracture, I don't know which X-ray projections you did (scaphoid fractures are hard to be seen in standard X-rays). However, if your wrist remained very painful for 10-15 days after the trauma, a scaphoid X-ray projection or, better, a wrist CT, would solve your doubts

input: What causes hyper aggregation, Doc? Is that hereditary factor? I am  a male, 46 yeras old, office worker, so far having normal blood pressure, as well as all healthy tcholesterol functions. But my latest laboratory check showed that my ADP and Colagen are hyper aggregattion, while the Ephinephrine is normal. Any suggested diet other than medication can be suggested.  Does sport exercise help to improve my blood condition from that hyper aggregation? I was advised by a friend to take thromboaspilet 100mg a day for life. I am worried with the side effect of that long term medication. Look forward to receiving your advice. Thanks, Minarto
output: Hi You do not mentioned any clinical condition, are you a normal person ? Do you have some hereditary related disability ? Look, ADP & collagen, are molecules in side the living being has got their complex role right from metabolism to body building work, now aggregation or hyper aggregation is consequences of certain kind of collagen disease or endocrine disorders, or hematological entity, it is not single area of concern, so the way you have asked is not valid at this stage this could be an academic question & need very lengthy discussion which may be beyond your understanding, have nice day

input: My son is 13 with profound special needs he is taking 15ml of epilim twice a day. we have noticed he has lots of mouth ulcers at one time on the lower lip inside and at the base of his teeth lower jaw they are very red and fiery or large with creamy centres. could this be caused by hime not swallowing the meds properly at night or in some way be related to his meds he also takes 3mg melatonin dissolved in water at night & once daily usually AM 10ml deloratadine for hay fever.thanks linnette
output: Hello, There most likely is a complication from your sons medication and the fact that he suffers from allergies will give him a Chat Doctor.  Practice good oral hygiene and keep the mouth as clean as possible. Especially before bedtime, make sure a thorough dental cleaning is performed after all medication has been taken. Take all medication properly, as directed. Keep well HY

input: Lets say the dog that bit me is positive with rabies. If I am not mistaken i need to get a shot immediately of anti rabies which is followed by 6 shots within 28 days. do i need to have anti tetanus?.. how many shots? is it okay to have shot the same time with anti rabies? thank you
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Rabies is a disease which is transmitted by dog bite which is 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment. If you are bitten by a suspected rabid dog, according to WHO categories it is categorized into Cat III, which requires following treatment1. Wash the wound thoroughly with soap and water.2. Active immunization with anti rabies vaccine on days 0,3,7,14 and 28.3. Passive immunization with rabies immunoglobulin around the wound.4. In TT, 0.5 ml, I'm. Thank you.

input: My friend has been diagnosed with ITP and is being treated for it. Shes very discouraged because her platelets were 14 yesterday! We need to know if she can eat foods or take vitamins that will help raise the platelet count, it was been going up 5 a week and now this! Shes not allowed to have anything with much potasium. What can she do?
output: Hi, your platelets count doesn't depends on potassium or iron supplements. Its depends on destruction of platelets in your body. In ITP there is immune mediated destruction of platelets. You should take regular treatment to maintain platelets.  You should take steroids according to the advice of your doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor.

input: Hello. Im having a pressure in between my shoulder blades and it occasionally has a sharp pain. I have trouble breathing here and there and my heart races really fast sometimes. Im coughing up really thick mucus for the past 2 months as well. It has abrownish color to it. Can you help me figure out what this could be?
output: Have u got done chest X-ray? What's your age? Any complain of breathing difficulty too????? Let me know and I would like to know.

input: I get a stabbing pain in the middle of my left palm when I try to grab something. It doesn t happen all the time and the initial pain is as long as a shock, but will return if I try to grab something again shortly after. The pain will also shoot to the tip of my middle finger. Any suggestions??
output: Hi, As of now, you can use analgesics/anti-inflammatory combination like diclofenac/serratiopeptidase for symptomatic relief. If symptoms persist you can consult an orthopedic and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: iam 52 years old ,85 kg weight 176cm height.i suffer cervical spondylosis in c5-c6.every day 1 have shortness in breathing  and severe pain in left chest near the heart  with pulseand burn in chest bones near the neck and stifness in shoulderssome doctors dignosed my case(angina pictoris)although i have no problems in heart and  lungs.please help and advice. subhi siddiq-iraq
output: Hi Dear !! Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Read and Reviewed your query in context to your health issues. In the given scenario and history facts, You seem to suffer frogger induced Esophagitis-causing chest pain. This is so because lungs and heart are without any evidence on investigations. Chest bone near neck pains with burning. This is from the high acid contents from upper stomach regurgitating in to neck/ throat, causing chest burning with ? Angina like pains, in your case.Also, other causes of recurrent chest burning behind chest bone needs to be ruled by consults with ENT/ Physician/ Surgeon. Plan Suggested for your treatment-GERD causes need to be ruled out-with Consults from ENT Surgeon / Physician / Surgeon by appropriated tests with these doctors. EKG landholders nuclear stress testing would fix and rule out heart ailment involved in your chest pain. Anti-Acidity Chat Doctor. Lieu. Gaviscon-Alginic Acid-gel- 1 gm x 4 times a day x 2 weeks would control this chest pain-from esophagitis. So treating these causes is needed with proper 

input: so i think my lower right abdomen area (if thats what it specifies as) gets a bit of a sharp pain when touched? I dont know what it is, I think it could be because i have constipation problems or because i had sex a couple times and found out i had a yeast infection so i treated it with yogurt?
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having appendicitis pain which is typical pain while touching one point at lower right abdomen. Consult surgeon and get examined. Consult surgeon when you get pain which will be easy for surgeon to diagnose the condition. Okand take care.

input: Theres a sort of ticking sensation in the bottom front of my mouth. Its the bottom front teeth and the gums below them. About a week ago i had a root canal done on the top right side of my mouth (On the right but close to the front of my mouth) Is this normal? And also is there any way to stop this? It is very uncomfortable.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor forum, I would like to inform you that tickling sensation after completion of root canal is sometimes normal and occurs due to the filling material, but if it is associated with pain or swelling that it might need your dentists' attention, I would have really appreciated if you had attached an X-ray of your tooth with your query, anyway start chewing soft food with your treated tooth to check if its normal, also you must be aware that getting your treated tooth crowned is really important to avoid any fractures. Start using antibacterial mouth wash for a week at least, to resolve symptoms, if tickling sensation still persists then kindly visit your dentist or forward me your X-rays so that I can guide you further, i wish you good health.

input: 1 year ago, my dad went to private Hospital (skin specialist) for his skin. Wrong medication causing him to vomit for a few weeks. He lost his weight from 75kg to 53 kg within 3-4 months. Recently the level of sodium is low 110. He keeps vomit cough, head panic. full medical Diagnosis shows everything is ok, just have a bit black spot in his lung. What happen to him?
output: Hello, A sodium level of 110 is not normal and should be investigated. A black spot in his lung along with excessive unintended weight loss should lead to further diagnostic testing, e.g. for lung cancer. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, David here i am teenager and iv been masterbating for about 3 years. I masterbate once everyday. since last week iv been having a severe pain in the back of my head near edaculation. Im really worried! does anyone have a solution? please do thanks.
output: Hello, As per your history, it may be due to harsh masturbation. For that kindly avoid harsh masturbation. For pain, you can take tablet acetaminophen. Watch for symptoms like penile discharge, fever. In that case you may require detailed medical examination and evaluation Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I just had a yearly echocardiogram.   I have mild mitral regurgitation.   On this latest echo the doctor said they say a shadow on my aorta.  He said he was 99% sure it was nothing but he had to look at the results himself.   What could the shadow be?
output: Hello, I have gone through your query. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Mild mitral regurgitation is not cause of concern. I need to see echo report or perform Echo myself to comment on the shadow behind aorta, My best wishes Chat Doctor. 

input: i am 10 days late for my period i have dne 3 tests they are all negative i am 23 the test that i done with my other 3 came back possitive straight away but i am 10 days late i have done 3 tests and they are negitive
output: HIF all the tests are negative for pregnancy then you need to have an ultrasound and blood tests to rule out hormonal imbalance. Consult your doctor for the medicines to get your periods.

input: Hi my son has a painless lump in his calf muscle when he flexes it. He is a15 year old football and hockey player. We noticed the lump last night but he says it doesn t hurt. Is this something I should have a dr look at or just wait to see if it goes away?
output: This could be a bursa from the knee joint. You could show to an orthopedic surgeon. Can go away on its own but if infected would need treatment.

input: Hi, my 3 yr kid is suffering from 103 fever. I gave him Meftal P 8.5 ml (his wt is 17 KG) but the fever returned after 4 hrs. Earlier Today, the fever returned after 9 hrs and then 5 hrs respectively. What should I do? Should I give him another dose of Meftal P in 1 hr time?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (maximum ceiling dose of 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. Meftal-P contains Metonymic acid which is a NSAID. It carries the risk of gastritis and renal problems in the long run. Please do not use Metal. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Hi. Yesterday as I was taking out my lip ring to clean it (basically is an earring with a rubber back to keep it from falling out) I was pulling the ring out when i realized the rubber back was still in my lip... and now that little piece of rubber is still stuck inside my lip and i cant get it out. It doesnt hurt, but Im worried about it though. What should i do?
output: Get it out,go to your physician!

input: I found a lump under my left armpit it does not hurt at all the size of it a bit bigger then a pencil eraser. In the pasta  few years back I had had a few ingrown hairs in my underarm but they hurt and were tender to touch . this one does not hurt at all.  I do not drink sodas or caffine. I checked my right underarm and there is NO lump there I do have a problem I do not have health insurance or money. What reasons could a women have a lump like this that does not hurt
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. 1. Lump in the armpit / axillary region without pain, tenderness suggestive of lymph nodal enlargement at first place and lipoma, vascular causes on the second place.2. If you are my patient I would have examined first and ask for an ultrasound axillary region - ultrasound will give me the nature of the disease, its source and extensions.3. Lymph nodal enlargement is seen because of the underlying medical conditions any infections / inflammation it can be localized or systemic or possible lymph nodal pathology itself (lymphadenopathy)4. So one has to find out the cause - if required FNAC - fine needle aspiration cytology will gel to evaluate the cause and cells involving.5. I can understand your financial status, but this is the standard procedure one has to follow. Try the way you can do so. Good luck. Hope I have answered your query.Anything to ask do not hesitate. Thank you.

input: I am feeling really bloated and cant lay on my stomach as i feek discomfort and pain. The pressure is below my belly button but above the pubic bone . I also feel this when I stretch out. Im not sick or anything so I dont think Im pregnant . What could this be
output: Hi ! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, I would still go for a serum Chat Doctor estimation, a urine routine, microscopic and culture/sensitivity test to rule out pregnancy and a urinary tract infection. If both these including a physical examination come out to be negative, and your symptoms continue increasing or persisting, I would go for an ultrasound of abdomen, and also a gynecology check up. Till then, I would prescribe you an anti-spasmodic medicine in case of pain, and also a proton pump inhibitor with a probiotic for your bloating sensation. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: I have just started into full menopause a few months ago . I am on wellbution for the depression I have been experiencing but it seems that I am having so much trouble focusing that it its affecting my job . is vyvanse a drug that could help menopausal symptoms ?
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. From what you have stated it is quite clear that you are having a depressive episode. Depression can occur with regular stress, and it can also occur biologically without any stress as well. You need proper treatment for the same. There are various effective therapies for depression like fluoxetine, venlafaxine, bupropion, mirtazapine or Escitalopram, and they are all very effective and mostly safe. Vyvanse is also a good option.  You may also require some benzodiazepines like clonazepam or lorazepam for a short period like 2-3 weeks to reduce the anxiety and help with your sleep.  If you are averse to the Chat Doctor.  This therapy is taken by either a psychologist or a psychiatrist in which the therapist identifies impaired cognitions (Thoughts) and try to correct them. They are 15-20 min weekly session and there should be around 8-10 sessions to help you with your illness. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/

input: i have lichen planus in my mouth , i had taken some medication for the past one year, last week only i came to know by another doctor it is lp. he gave me the oral past " triamcinolone acetonide(kenacort 0.1). is it correct medicin.is this disease is curable?
output: Hi. Welcome to ChatDoctorI am Chat Doctor.  I understand your concern and will give advice accordingly. Looking at your profile I agree that the treatment given is correct. As it is a chronic inflammatory disease and there is no specific treatment available as of now which cures this disease, no one can claim that this can cure completely. You need to do follow up with your doctor at regular interval even if your symptoms subsides as in can relapse, get infected & rarely lead to malignancy. I wish your rapid recovery and will help you further if needed.

input: I drank with friends one weekend and skipped my birth control for 2 days and the very next day i got my period. A week later my period stopped and i started getting sharp pains in my vagina and I started bleeding again. Did I have a miscarriage then a regular period or a elongated period with sharp pains?
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It is possible that it is an elongated period. Miscarriages are associated abdominal cramping, clots and the passage of fleshy products. If you continue to have periods with prolonged bleeding then you need to consider visiting your doctor for an assessment. This would include physical examination, hormonal level blood tests and imaging of the reproductive organs by ultrasound.I hope this helps

input: I have 2 lumps on the outside of my right knee. It doesnt hurt to the touch and it gets bigger every now and again. I have had to have knee surgery before, I hyper extended my knee backwards when I was younger. I have had these lumps for awhile now. Im 42 yr old male.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. These lumps look to be of synovial (membrane which covers the joint and gives the joint the fluid to keep it friction-less) origin. This is confirmed by your history of the swellings getting bigger and smaller on its own. This can be confirmed by MRI / FNAC- fine needle aspiration cytology. If the swellings are not having any symptoms, you can watch team. Surgery to remove for getting rid of the disease and to get a histopathological diagnosis can be done.

input: Hello. I m a female, 53 years old. Six months ago I had a pancreatic attack. I was hospitalized. My hospital stay was for three weeks and then I came home. About the same time I was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes, and I had a gallbladder removal in January 2018. Now I m trying to eat healthy and doing my best to side-step any sort of gastrointestinal discomfort. I have a guestion about the menu: I found a tropical plant called taro root , I know that it can help regulate insulin and glucose levels in my body, so it is good for diabetic patients. But what about people who was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis? Am I suppose to have some side affects? And also is there a possibility that taro roots will cause gallstones to form? I m so sorry for my english! I need an advice. Doctors in my country have no idea what taro root is. Thank you.
output: Hi, There is no reason to suspect that taro roots cause gallstone formation. If the root is good for your diabetes, it is probably also good for your gallstones. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I develope a Salivary Glad Problem over night it is very painful had it 2 other time in the past 5 years but was able to get to a doctor immediately which gave me prescribed pills?  my face is swollen boy did I start the new year offwith tears please advise me!  YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi! Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. You have not mentioned the location of swollen glands like lower jaw, behind the ear, etc. Swollen salivary glands can be due to various causes like Bacterial or viral infection, stones, cysts, autoimmune, etc. I suggest you visit a dentist for check up. You need to provide history like recent infection, medication history, any radiation exposure, etc. Get blood test done for infection. X-ray of salivary gland or Sialograpgy can be done if needed. Meanwhile, you can start with the antibiotic course on prescription. Tylenol or Ibuprofen will ease pain. Maintain good HY Chat Doctor.  Warm compresses of swollen area will help. Chew sugarless gums for stimulating saliva. Sialadenitis, i.e. infection of salivary glands starts regressing after 48 hrs with antibiotics. But stones or cyst or other complications need further treatment. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!

input: For the past couple of weeks, I have developed intense itching in both groin areas. I have itched it so badly that I have developed fissures. It is very dry and flaky skin is coming off. It is really uncomfortable and just getting worse. What should I do?
output: Hello, Thank you for posting on Chat Doctor. It seems you have got intertwine. Intertrigo is an infection which occurs over any opposing skin surfaces, mostly seen over groin folds. Its caused due to bacterial or sometimes fungal infection. Overweight can increase the friction and thus predispose to intertwine. I would suggest you oral antibiotics and antifungal tablets for few days along with application of antibiotic cream like juridic acid and antifungal cream like clotrimazole twice a day for few weeks. Use dusting powder containing clotrimazole on daily basis to keep area Chat Doctor. Try to reduce weight and maintain hygiene. Avoid tight undergarments and use cotton garments as far as possible. Hope this will help YouTube care

input: After doin any large amount of walking my lower legs will be red and blotchy. It doesn t hurt, per say, but does feel tight like swelling. Usually by morning it has mostly cleared up , but not this time. It s been 2 days and it s still there. What should I do?
output: Hello, The red and blotchy legs can be due to pooling of blood in the legs. You can rest and keep the legs elevated on two pillows to help these subside.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My father is suffering from heart and kidney problem. Haemoglobin has gone down to 6.5 and createnine at 4.2 along with high Uric acid and urea. All doctors were of the opinion that my father needs to go for dialysis but nephrologist adviced to give epofit 3000 and no dialysis. Do you think that a good decision? Please advice
output: HiT hanks for choosing Chat Doctor. In.profit is nothing but erythropoietin which is released by kidney and in kidney patients as it is released in low quantity and that's the reason why hemoglobin will be low in such patients. So giving that injection will improve he and the symptoms caused by anemia but if you have no uremic symptoms then you can hold hemodialysis and have symptomatic treatment. Thank you.

input: I HAVE A TOE NAIL FUNGUS INFECTION, I HAE TAKEN AN RX FOR OER A YEAR AND IT CLEARED UP QUITE A BIT BUT NOW IT IS WORSE THAN EVER. IS IT NORMAL TO HAVE A LOT OF PAIN WITH THIS?  MY WHOLE BIG TOE HURTS ALL THE TIME. I GET STABBING PAIN AND THROBING ALL THE TIME. MY HUSBAND THINKS I HAVE GOUT. WOULD YOU RECOMEND TOE NAIL REMOVAL?
output: Hi, It seems that there might be having toenail bed infection due to chronic fungal infection. It seems that cracked and infected nail should be removed from nail bed and afterwards healthy toenail will grow.Meanwhile, go for one antibiotic medicine course for 5-7 days to cure nail bed infection. Ok and take care.

input: My nephew (33 yrs old) has suffered with depression for the past 15 years. He has not had significant relief through a regime of drugs. His psychiatrist is suggesting ect. I know without knowing you nephew you can t make a diagnosis; however, what is your opinion of ect? Thanks, Bernadette Maher
output: Holloware, if no Chat Doctor.  The treatment is safe and has no major side effects. It would be better to go for it than to keep experimenting with 

input: Hi i am concerned about my 6week old baby. his head seems feverish, bit his temperatute is 36.6,his almost halved his feed, he use to ask for it every 3 hours and now 4-5 hrs later n is only drinking 3 oz or less. His normal feed is about 4 oz.he is more sleepy then usual. Can i give him calpol? Shall i takh drs? Hehis other symptom is a slight bloked nose. HHe is having wet nappies. This is happening for 24 hours now.
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I figured your concern. The temperature rises when child Chat Doctor.  The most common focus of infection is throat, nose. You can give cal pol to baby according to age. Cal pol is syrup of paracetamol, dosage-10-15 mg/kg for single dosage. You can use nasal 

input: Hi my son had a fever lasting roughly 5 days followed by a rash lasting another 4-5 days the drs were concerned he had measles and took routine blood work this was the first time he had a cbc. His palette levels were moderately low (131) after his measles test came back negativeI was asked to bring him back a week from orioriginal date for another cbc this time his levels were quite elevated (644) is there a concern I should have to these results? Is it normal to fluctuate that high out of normal range in a matter of weeks or is this something I should bring to a blood specialists? There is a strong family history of leukemia should I be concerned about that as well ?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. Increased platelets level is good and goes against the diagnosis of leukemia.2. So much variation is not possible. Get a second test at other lab or get a platelet count on peripheral smear.3. Along with it, also get a differential leukocyte count to look for immature cells. I would not expect to find anything with normal platelet levels. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: hi my son was diagnosed with hep c genotype1a about five years ago he has not seen a doctor for this and he had developed food poisoning not too long ago and was admitted in the hospital. For the past two days he has been vomiting is that a sign of the hep c
output: Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious diseases specialist, answering your query. Yes hepatitis C in advance cases can cause vomiting. Food poisoning can cause vomiting only for some period not more than the period. As your child is having vomiting from long time, it is likely to be hepatitis. It must be advance hepatic stage of hepatitis C which causes vomiting. I advise you should visit nearby doctor to diagnose yourself exactly and treat it accordingly. I will be happy to answer your further concern, you can ask me on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.  Thank you. ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist.

input: Hi I had the copper coil fitted last may....my body has been fine...ive had heavy periods which was expected but....the last few months I have been suffrreing with the following...extreme tiredness....break out of spots on my face....low sex drive....weight gain..iritated...moody...severe cramps...and pain when having sex...
output: . It looks to be generalized weakness due to multi vitamin, iron deficiency after heavy period. Go for routine investigations to confirm the diagnosis. Weight gain should be ruled out by thyroid profile. Start B12,folic acid, calcium,minerals, l-carnitine and other supplements. Intramuscular injections of B12,folic acid is advisable. Breakout on face is usually due to hormonal response. Take proper care for face. Consult your family physician for further guidance and medical management.

input: I was diagnosed with thoracic outlet syndrome and scholiosis a year ago.  I went through physical thereapy and felt better afterwards.  I continue to stretch my back neck and legs almost daily.  Recently my back under my left shoulder blade has become very tight and sore.  My back and neck feel exhausted like they never get a break.  I cant move my head forward without a lot of pain under my shoulder blade.  Im a 30 year old male, a little overweight, but active:  I walk my dog daily and play drums often.  Is there anything I can do to keep this from getting worse?
output: You must continue your physiotherapy and on case it does not get relieved add a regular painkiller. If it still doesn't work you may need nerve blocks for which you shall visit a pain specialist in your area.

input: I have a lump on the lower left side of the back of my head that is tender to the touch.  On occasions I have moved my head and there is a very tight sensation in that same area.  It almost feels like a muscle cramp, but in the back of the head, that lasts a couple of minutes then subsides.  Any thoughts?
output: As per your description it may be a benign swelling. Confirmed diagnosis can be given after examination only. But if it is painful and creating problem then should go further evaluation. It might need surgery if it is Desmond cyst or lipoma.

input: Hi I am experiencing some numbness on one side of my face. It started about 6 hers ago and soon after the numbness appeared I got a bad headache. The headache disappeared but after I would loose track of what I was saying and I would be thinking one thing and I would say something different not realizing it. Is this normal?
output: Hello! I read your question and understand your concern. I think that these symptoms may be caused by a small stroke. Furthermore, I would like to know if you have measured your blood pressure. Do you suffer from arterial hypertension or diabetes ? The headache is not a common symptom in stroke, but it may be related to migraine, high blood pressure etc. I would recommend consulting the neurologist, have a good neurological examination, a full blood work, a blood lipids analysis and a brain CT scan. Further, tests like cardiac check up and Doppler ultrasound of the carotid vessels may be needed to establish the cause. Hope to have been of help. Best wishes!

input: i was attached with TB in 1984 & again it relapsed in 2011, I have taken 6months  treatment . My throat coughing & occational fever still remains. After taking penicillin I have develioped imbalance in my legs . What treatment & where can i take my treatment
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Imbalance in the leg after a TB can be serious it requires a CT and MRI of the spine to rule out any lesion in the area. TB won't be treated with the penicillin. TB requires a combination of various Chat Doctor.  So if your doctor has given you a penicillin than it will not be TB, and it can be different infection. But till you undergo the investigation I would suggest you to take the vitamin B complex 

input: Hi, I am a 22 year old female with mild depression and anxiety. I was diagnosed about a year ago, and take 100 mg Zoloft. About 4 days ago, I had what I believe to be my first panic attack. I had ingested quite a bit of caffeine on this day, so I m guessing this is what triggered it. It was pretty scary, and lasted about an hour. Chills, discomfort in chest, tingling and numbness and this awful feeling of dread. Ever since then, I ve been experiencing what I can only describe as a lightness in my chest that goes down into my arms at times. When this happens, I feel like I m about to experience another attack, but I am able to calm myself down before it happens. I have no symptoms other than this, and no pain, but it still makes me feel uncomfortable. I would like to see a cardiologist, but unfortunately I have no insurance at the moment. Is this normal or is this something I should be concerned about?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor You have mild depression and anxiety and are prescribed Sertraline for that. The Chat Doctor.  It can improve the condition but in states of severe panic attacks other 

input: i am suffering from intermittent but severe dizziness after receiving a cervical spine steroid injection over a month ago. It scaring me with all the trouble with the lab that sent out the tainted steroids. My doctor claims that she did not use that lot , but I am suspect - what should I do?
output: Hello, The blood vessels that supply the inner ears and the parts of the brain that are connected with the balance of the body pass through the cervical vertebrae.  Cervical spondylosis which is the usual cause of the pain in that region for which you received the steroid injection also affects these blood vessels and causes alteration in the blood flow which results in dizziness. Physiotherapy along with the use of certain medicines will reduce this dizziness. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: When my 3 month old son poops it goes up his back. The poop is green color nd kinda runny. He just started doing it on the 3rd of September and he poops everyday now and all of his poops are like this. Then today he pooped a second time and the color of his poop was yellow. Is there something I should be worried about because I am a first time parent and do not know a lot of things.
output: Hello.  I just read through your question. At this age, bowel movements can take many form and produce different colors. The only color that could potentially be a concern is red. As long as you don't see red, and he is otherwise comfortable and gaining appropriate weight, there is no need for concern. You can continue to feed as you have been without worry.

input: I had my gall bladder removed about 3 weeks ago. I also had a vein nicked while in surgery leading to a drain tube for 3 days. Now I am having pains in different areas. But between where the tube was and one of the areas they cut is really hurting like a cutting pain.
output: I really think that the pain is related to the tube not to some vein injury. Take painkillers. Will work

input: I noticed that after I started running at night I started getting pimples on my chest . I stopped running and it went away. Recently I was in a musical so I was being active and I started getting pimples again. I haven t done anything recently but they re still there. I cleanse my chest with face wipes and I use a pimple gel by Clean and Clear but they won t go away. Some get very big and red. Some are blackheads. How can I get rid of them?
output: Hi, The pimples you got may be due to heat or some allergy. If you are using some deodorant and changed the brand may cause this problem. Now pimples are big and red there is possibility of having infection. Go for one antibiotic course and antihistamines. Clean with water and apply branded talcum powder. Ok and bye.

input: My 70 yr old husband had diarrhea with 104.7 temp, lack of appetite, very dehydrated but no abd pain. CT showed collapsed gallbladder . He was on cipro for (chronic) ear infection 1 day when this began. Stool culture showed no c diff or salmonella but a blood culture was positive for gram + rods after 3 days. He is now on flagyll, lomotil, and sulpha antibiotic for ear infection. A gallbladder test is scheduled in 2 days. He continues to have fatigue and low grade fever on day 7. Blood culture repeated yesterday. Is this related to the gallbladder? Are we moving too slowly?
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum. Dear miss, Positive blood culture is a serious finding. And first thing to do is broad spectra antibiotic treatment, intravenous if possible. Second thing to do is to find the source of infection, it can be intra-abdominal but also urinary or lung infections too. So you should focus on these 3. When the source is found and the right cause identified then more accurate antibiotic can be used.  Wish you good health.

input: When ever I Masturbate once I will not be able to pull my penis fore skin back for 2 Days and the Inside area becomes red colour and in the early morning when i wake up my penis will be erected hard. Why is it, whats the problem.Name: Raghunath.Age  : 27 Yrs.Sex  : Male.Place: Bangalore
output: Hello, Inability to pull back the foreskin could be due to fibrosis. The tightness of the foreskin. The best method to overcome it is to go for a minor surgery called circumcision. Therefore, I suggest consulting a surgeon for physical examination, diagnosis and treatment. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello Dr. Grief,I have regular bouts of Asthma and dry non productive cough, usually last 5- 6 days; after taking 6 tablets x 5mg x 3 days, then followed by 3 tablets x 5mg. x 4 days, I am back to normal. I have exhausted my current supply prescribed by my own British GP. Now that I travel to and from USA/UK I do not get much chance to see my British GP. Prednisolone 5mg is the only medication that relieves my illness; where can I buy Genuine Prednisolone 5mg. with out Doctors Prescription?
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. Directly coming to the point as you require prednisolone, so this is known as CYCLONE and available in the USA. Being as a doctor I would come up with this conclusion that this is the most dangerous Chat Doctor.  In my opinion you should not use this 

input: Hello Dr. Samuel my name is damiel. I keep breaking out with these small bumps on my forehead they look like small boils or something. And they leave behind black marks that don t fade away. They appear on the rest of my body as well such as my inner thighs back and my cheeks on face. Is that signs of a disease or something?
output: Welcome. I have gone through your query. It is difficult to comment on it without examination, so I would either suggest you to see doctor for examination and for exact diagnosis or upload the pictures here, I'll go through them, and provide you with specific advice.it might be folliculitis or acne need to be examined to confirm. Hope this helps. Take care

input: I m trying to conceive after a tubal reversal in August. My period this month was October 11-17 extremely heavy with large clots. On the 20th I started spotting and have not stopped yet. My opks are negative so far. Will this bleeding affect ovulation?
output: Hi, I think you should consult your doctor. You may need some medicines to stop the spotting. You can go for an ultrasound to see the uterus and ovaries and can follow the ovulation by repeated ultrasound. Hope it helps.

input: I am 49 years old about 5ft 6 inches and weigh about 74 kg. I have just started having a little pain in my knees when I read my bike but yesterday I started working out at the gym. When I everything was going fine until I tried the exercise where your elbows are pointed out from your body and you pull the weights down. There was pain in my right elbow as I tried to do it. It seems to become less painful the more I did it but the next morning it was hurting with all movement
output: It may be a tennis elbow. You should start ultrasound massage therapy and icing and exercise for tennis elbow at any physio or occupational therapy expert nearby you.

input: I stepped in a puddle in the mountains about a week ago and the inside of my boots got all wet. The next morning I woke up and I had a rash on the inside and soles of my feet that looked like broken blood vessels. It doesn t itch or hurt. It just looks like small broken blood vessels under the skin . Since then (about a week) it has spread up my legs to my groin area. I have a history of eczema so I tried my Vanos creme and it did nothing. I also tried Lotramin thinking it may be fungal and it is also not helping even in the slightest.
output: It can be a bruise and progressively going up the Long saphenous vein or may be infected. Or you check if you are taking aspirin. In case both are not I wish to see the sin and examine which you see your GP /Surgeon to for out the diagnosis. Treatment is Antibiotics/Stop warfarin or aspirin. And treat bruise conservatively with hirudoid cream /other.but also rule out any gangrene,

input: I am suffering from un rythmic heart for almost an year and take metoprolol 50 mg o.d. 2 days ago i had terrific pulse rate variation and I felt very dizzy my bp became 110/70 and pulse rate 60/min was hospitalised now i am out of hospital but feel very weak and still have irregular heart...in the hospital they adminstered normal saline with Cordarone.. what should be my next course?
output: Hello Sir / Madam, Thanks for writing in to Chat Doctor. Un rhythmic heart (Atrial Fibrillation) is usually treated with Amiodarone (Cordon). Hence, you have been given the right treatment. The dose shall change in due course as a when the heart beats stabilize. However, the reason of atrial fibrillation need to be investigated hence you need to consult a cardiologist regarding further cardiac evaluation. Sometimes infections do cause atrial fibrillation whicChatDoctores down as the infection subsides. What needs to be taken care of is incidences of stroke increase in un rhythmic heart beat so kindly take rest and follow your doctors instructions. Donot do stressful work. Continue with the treatment. Chat Doctor. 

input: I went to the beach a few weeks ago out in florida. I came home with really itchy skin. Ill scratch all hours of the day. But sometimes it s unbearable. I have like little red bumps Wherever I scratch. Yesterday while bathing I realize I have 1 on my crotch near my vagina lip. The more I think about the more paranoid I get. The last time I got tested was about a month and a half ago and I haven t slept with anybody since then. I read a article saying they could be bug bites from the beach, but it wouldn t last this long would it!? I really want to know what s going on I m scared only 20 years old.
output: Hi thanks for your question have developed itching following visit to a beach, few weeks ago. The itching is still persistent and leads to bump formation, on itching think it is due to bug bite may be right, it could be due to bug bite. Bump formation after itching is normal, as this due to histamine release. Have you taken any treatment for itching, I presume no. Take antihistamine and short course of antibiotic (since we presume this is bug bite of few weeks' duration).Hopefully you symptoms will subside in a week time. Consultation with a physician is encouraged. There are negligible chances that it could be an STD(sexually transmitted disease). Hope this answers your question.

input: Hello. I have had a condition on my head for 6+ years now. It is dry skin on my head more than just dandruff and dermatitis. I have consulted with a dermatologists before and they told me they can not cure it but they can contain it. However all the products i have tried have not helped. I am just wondering and asking for any other options out there.
output: Hi Chat Doctor. If not cured use triple shampoo weekly twice along with airflow hair conditioner can make hair little oily

input: hi i have been on the depo provera for nearly a year now and i am now experiencing dark brown bleeding, is this a common side effect of the depo injection or is it an early sign of pregnancy, i read that break through bleeding is a sign of early pregnancy and this is getting me worried
output: Hello, It could be either, but is more likely just some irregular bleeding from the demo, if you have been getting the shots regularly. Take a pregnancy test to make sure. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: i have been having abdominal muscle cramps just below breasts. most of the time, they come about whenever i stretch or reach out for something... reaching high or low. it can be on just one side or it can be across my front. they were happening infrequently for the last two months, however, their frequency has increased to several times a day. they are VERY painful. help, please!!! i am 63, 5 2.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. You might have muscle sprain followed by repeated minor trauma leading to inflammation of the muscle. You require giving rest to the muscle along will proper analgesic medication. Application of ice will also help. Best of luck.

input: Hi, I had tripped and hurt a part of my lower right leg (shin bone area) by hitting it against a pice of concrete two days ago. I was wearing jeans, so there was no direct contact between the skin and concrete, but my skin still ruptured and the skin in the area around the open wound got stuck to my jeans (was sort of scraped off because of the jeans). I had washed the wound and applied antiseptic as soon as I had gotten home, but today the skin area which had scraped off seems to be a yellowish-brownish scab surrounded by reddened skin and the pain in my shin bone surrounding the wound (upto 2 inches above and below the wound) seems to continuously increase. Could there be a serious problem with the wound?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. There is nothing serious about it if there is no fever. So you can keep area open with antiseptic ointment applied over it. If you have fever then it is cause of concern. It denotes infection and needs urgent care by antibiotics and if needed incision and Chat Doctor.  Antibiotics such as ibuprofen are given to relieve pain. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: i am struggling from shortness of breath after walking 3-4 meters. Once seated and trying to take deep breaths i start losing the shallow breathing, slowly after1 minute. This happens regardless of what i am doing. This has been getting worse since the weekend.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. By your history, in my opinion you are having dyspnea on minimal exertion. Common causes for this are1. Cardiac causes like heart failure, ischemic heart disease etc.2. Pulmonary causes like COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) , fibrosis, etc. So get done ECG and 2D Echo to rule out cardiac cause. Get done chest x-ray and PFT (PULMONARY FUNCTION TEST) to rule out pulmonary causes. So consult doctor and discuss all these.

input: Hi I m 22 year old I had a implanon for 4 years nd had put a new one in April 2013 nd had it removed on June 5th 2014 what I wanna know is can I fell pregnant straight away nd is their a chance I may have a miscarriage nd I have been also having weird symptoms like my belly seems to feel a bit tight at times seem to be weeing abit nd had a day of just spotting I had unprocected sex with my boyfriend on the weekend before my implanon was removed and all so afterwards
output: Hello and I hope I can help you today.First, I want to reassure you that it is not possible that you could have conceived if you had unprotected sex before your Implant was removed. Implanon is nearly 100 percent effective in preventing pregnancy while it is in place, and it takes time for you to ovulate again (at least 7-10 days) after it is removed. So if you only had unprotected sex immediately before and after your implant was removed, it is unlikely you could have conceived so quickly. Pregnancy symptoms vary widely between women, and many of the same symptoms we commonly associate with pregnancy such as nausea, bloating, breast tenderness, headaches and irregular bleeding can also happen from an irregular menstrual cycle as well as pregnancy. Many women have irregular periods after discontinuing a hormonal birth control method. So, I suggest you wait for your period, which should occur around 4 weeks after your Implant removal, and if you miss your period, a urine pregnancy test will be accurate at this time. I hope I was able to adequately answer your question today and that this information was helpful. Best wishes,

input: Hi ,my left arm seems to be getting weaker and sore even in my sleep-most pain in my forearm.I have had a bit of it in my right arm but is not so bad now. I am a machine operator and have not had much exercise this year. I would like to but the pain is too much and I dont know if Ill cause more damage. Any thoughts?
output: Hello, I have studied your case. Pain in the forearm can be due to weakness or can be due to overuse. You have not told me in detail about your other illness. I would suggest you get a compression bandage for forearm and avoid putting pressure on one side. You can also take Broken tablet for pain relief. Hot water fomentation and Volition gel are also helpful. I hope this answer will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other follow-up questions. Thanks

input: hi I m wondering if radiation for stage 4 pancreatic and liver cancer would be beneficial. the patient is already taking strong chemo and a lot of herbal supplements. Feels good except after treatments. What pills and treatment would you suggest Thank u
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Treatment of pancreatic cancer depends on type and stage as well as spread of cancer.  In early stage surgery is useful. In late stage chemotherapy and radiotherapy remain mainstay in the treatment. Radiotherapy is useful in some types of pancreatic cancer.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: a colleague has just been diagnosed with fibroids, she has had a scan and has to wait until the 17 nov to see her gp for the results due to her gp s holiday. she has just identified a lump in her breast, has seen another stand in gp which happened to be a man so she did not feel very comfortable talking to him about her breast. he has referred her so hopefully she will hear soon. is there any connections between cancerous fibroids and breast cancer please?
output: Hi, According to the FDA, if the woman also has uterine cancer, this procedure can risk spreading cancer within the abdomen and pelvis, making it harder to treat. Uterine fibroid are non-cancerous growths in the uterus. They are very common and often do not cause symptoms. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have been trying to figure out why my legs are hurting so much, about an 8-10. Also my knees are hurting and are swollen all the time lately and are week, they give out a lot. I m recoding from thoriac back surgery, my surgeon cut a couple of chunks out and straightened my spine then fused from T8 to L1 were he tied into the 14 screws he placed while fussing L1-my sacrum in 2009, I now have 26 total screws. I m wondering if I injured my femoral nerve because my groin and inside of my legs hurt all the down to my ankles, along with my knee and leg pain?
output: Hi, Regarding your concern, I would explain that it is important performing some investigations to differentiate between two main possible causes that may lead to your symptoms: - a joint inflammation- a articular pain radiating from your back (nerve compression). That, is why I would recommend performing some tests:- a nerve conduction study to examine your nerves-complete blood count, PCR, sedimentation rate for inflammation. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Hope to have been helpful. Let me know if I can assist you further. Kind regards,

input: My 7 month old grandson was sitting on the floor and tried to crawl forward and hit his eyebrown bone on the cabinet.  He cried and then shortly after spit up alittle-not vomit  but spitup.  He calmed down quickly and seems fine.  Should he go to the doctor
output: Hi dear, I understand your concern, you should observe baby. If baby will not have vomiting, headache, will not cry continuously, then don't worry. Apply Pile to affected area with gentle massage 3-4 times for 5 days

input: Hello my baby is 15montjs old and she is around 7kg she is very week and now its been 2days she got vomiting and also it been 2days she start having lose motion plz advice me what to gave her also is holicks harmfull for her or i cam gave her ..thanks
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. Weight of your baby is very less for age, you have not mentioned her birth weight. Your baby seems to suffering from gastroenteritis give her ORS, zinc. You also need to show her to your pediatrician early as she is weak and prone to severe infection without warning signs like fever. You need to give her a balanced diet with variety, and supplements after consulting your doctor, Cowlicks alone is not going to help , I usually do not recommend it. There is also a need to find cause of her poor weight, was she born with low birth weight, what diet is she taking, is her appetite poor or weight not increasing despite good appetite ? All questioned needs to answered and her diet to be planned accordingly in consultation with your doctor. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing your child good health.

input: I eat meat regularly, but rarely eat steak. The other day I had steak for dinner and later that night it felt like there was a knot in my stomach, then finally had a large bowel movement and felt like a million bucks. The next day I had the leftovers and later that night the cramping came back and has lasted 2 days so far. I keep feeling like I have to have another large bowel movement but am only able to get rid of a few pebble-sized feces. My wife who had the same dinner is fine. What can I do to alleviate this?
output: Try digestive enzymes for digesting red meat.  Your body might not process or digest rich meats well.  I have the same problem and if I eat a real good lean steak I get bad gas and have to "purge".  Sometimes the same night

input: I got my wisdom teeth removed a month ago. I ended up getting dry socket and an infection so the doctor gave me more medication. I started to heal and even flushed out the sockets. Not I have a lump along my jawline that is tender to the touch. Is it possible that food got stuck in the socket?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The lump over the jaw line can be because of the infection of the bone that is garret osteomyelitis. Nothing to be panic, complete the course of antibiotics particularly amoxicillin and metronidazole combination. Keep the socket area clean by rinsing with saline. If it is not reducing in a week, consult an oral physician and take an causal radiograph to confirm the diagnosis. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: I have a golfball sized lump inside the right side of my neck. I have developed some spots that have crusty heads at the back of my hairline also they havent went away for about a month. Im also tired and either feeling really hot ot really cold. Please help. Lynn
output: Thank you for asking Chat Doctor. My name is Chat Doctor.  You have mentioned lump at right side of the neck and have some spots that have crusty heads at hair line back, along with that feeling of being tired/hot /cold. You need consultation of your physician for detailed evaluation as such lumps need clinical examination for establishing diagnosis and further management, and you may have to go through some Labs. You can get rid of this by visiting a physician and treatment. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.

input: both my legs are very swollen and retaining fluid in the calf, ankle and foot. I have done nothing different except stopped my blood pressure 25 HCTZ meds in the last few weeks do to no insurance and I am very stressed the last few days due to the fact that my dad , who lives out of state, is dying and I need to get out to see him asap. I have definitely noticed a worsen as the day has gone on??? What can I do to fix this please? YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Swelling in foot and calf is due to fluid retention in them. This has happened due to stopping of antihypertensive medications.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hello my father has oral cancer and its of 4 stage he has recieved 3 chemotherapy sittings 2 operations and 1 month radiation treatment .he has also recieved target treatment and now he is undergoing ozone therapy but still has 5 tumors on his face age43 help him
output: Your father has received almost all possible treatment modalities available. At the moment only palliative treatment looks possible. If the tumors on his face are respectable then surgery should be done. Otherwise, palliative chemotherapy should be given. For details regarding the chemotherapy options previous chemotherapy given, current performance status of patient, age of patient and baseline lab investigations would be required. Please discuss it with the treating oncologist and if you have any further query I would be more than happy to answer.

input: Hi My three year old son has had Diarrhea and vomiting with extreamly high temp (104+), this was 6 days ago but his stools are still very lose (Liquid) and his urine is cloudy, we are Hydrating him as best as possible but he will not drink enough himself and is getting pains in his abdomen??? most of the time he is his normal self but then goes down hill as the day goes by....Longer, more frequent naps and becomes very soukey.. Can you help as we have spoken to a Dr who told us that this will need to run its course and to keep him hydrated this is now becoming a worry for both of us and he has droped quite a lot of weight?
output: Hi according to your information your child is having some gastrointestinal problems mostly due to viral causes and settle by it own, but distinguishing features from bacterial illness is mucus containing stool or blood if it, so it might need antibiotics check your child s stool full report and channel a doctor you also mentioned that his urine also cloudy so better check his urinalysis as well thank you

input: Took Keflex for an infection on my eye lid, now I have a horrible red rash on my chest and it is slowly going away. But this morning I woke up with a red rash under both breasts.  When will it clear up?  It has been  5 weeks now. I stopped the Keflex two and half weeks ago. I have Triamcinolone Acetonide Cream 0.1%, will this clear it up?
output: Hi, It seems that you are having candida infection. Do not apply triamcinolone, it is steroid and will exacerbate the infection. You apply clotrimazole or fluconazole cream at night and clotrimazole powder during daytime. And orally, take itraconazole cap. Daily for two weeks. Do not apply soap at bath. You can use detail liquid for bath, pour few Chat Doctor. Wear cotton clothes. And have blood test to rule out DM. I think, you will be alright . I hope you got my answer. Thanks.

input: HI MY SON IS 5YEARS TWO MONTHS OLD .HE HAS DEXTROCARDIAC SITUS INVERSES AND ALSO A HOLE IN HEART AT THE TIME OF HIS BIRTH .BUT WE HAVE NOT UNDERGONE ANY TREATMENT OR TEST AFTER THAT . NOW PROBLEM IS THAT HIS GROWTH IS NOT UPTO HIS AGE AND HE OFTEN HAS SEVERE COLD AND COUGH .SOMEONE HAS TOLD ME THAT THIS MAY BE DUE TO HOLE IN HEART NOW WHAT SHOULD I DO WHAT ARE THE TREATMENTS FOR IT AND IS THERE ANY AGE LIMIT FOR THESE TREATMENT I AM AN INDIAN .SUGGEST ME
output: Hi, It could be because of the hole in the heart which can lead onto increased pulmonary blood supply and wet lungs, or it could be a different syn Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,2 days before i went to Sehat Clinic (Chennai, India) for hair loss problem. The doctor witnessed me and prescribed two tablets named "Nano Hair Revitalizer & VB7 Forte". I have not yet started taking those tablets, i have a question whether is there any side effects taking those tablets?Please answer my question..Thanks,Suresh S
output: DearWelcome to Chat Doctor ! Your details have been evaluated, and I find that certain vital details are missing. If I were your dermatologist, I would have asked you detailed history, examined you and the affected hairs, got some investigations done to substantiate your diagnosis. Most common causes of hair loss are halogen effluvium in which there is diffuse hair loss from all over scalp and the other one is An Chat Doctor. These two are common causes, but other diseases have to be ruled out by history and examination. In my opinion, it is recommended that first a diagnosis is made, and then proper treatment is instituted. I request you to provide the other required details so that your hair can be as healthy as those of normal person of your age. In the meantime, please avoid massaging too vigorously, have a healthy diet, adequate rest, and use a mild shampoo once or twice a week. This will surely aid in early recovery. Best wishes.

input: Hi I have cushing disease, lyme disease, fibromyalgia, occipital neuralgia and have been treated with antibiotics for over a year now and wbc and neutrophils are still elevated and dont understand why if being on antibiotics for over a year could this mean something
output: Cushing's disease itself can cause elevated WBC, so this may not necessarily be related to an infection. Certainly a year of antibiotics should have taken care of most infections, depending on what antibiotic was used. Unusual infections or internal infections (e.g., abscess in a muscle or organ) might cause a persistent elevated WBC, as might a chronic inflammatory condition. You would probably be having other symptoms, such as persistent fevers, pain, or weight loss, if that were the case. You don't say how high the WBC count is, so it is hard to assess its severity.  Be sure the Cushing disease is well treated first. If you are still having elevated WBC, you might need further evaluation or need to see a hematologist to get a specific diagnosis. Hope this helps.

input: Hi, I will be coming back to India/Bangalore in the last week of jan 2009. I have a 2.5 month old son & he is having the Acid Reflux problem, here we give the Prevacid Solutab medicine to him everyday. Will this tablet/medicine be available in Bangalore??
output: The medication which you have mentioned is Lansoprazole. The medication is not available in the brand name of Prevail, but it is available in other brand names like Rancid, Landry, Ransom, Landon etc. The main treatment for the acid reflux for the baby is to properly burp the child after every feed which will help the air to come out of mouth which it has swallowed while taking feed.

input: My boyfriend put nair on his penis and left it on to long, he has burns on his p enis. On one particular part the skin is peeling, he says now that everytime he touches it it burns. Does it sound like a std? We are having unprotected sex and I dont hve any symptoms
output: HelloThanks for query. Your boyfriend has developed peeling of skin over shaft of the penis after applying hair removal cream. This is mostly due to allergic reaction to hair removing cream. He needs to take broad spectrum antibiotic like Definite and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Along with topical steroid cream like Renovate for local application twice daily. Ensure he washes his genitals with warm water twice daily. Ensure to avoid sexual encounters till it heals up completely. Since both of you are known to each other and have in sexual relationship since a long time and absence of any symptoms suggesting STD there is no possibility of STD.

input: My mother aged 61, has Tripple Vessel CAD with two blockage 100%. Doctors advised Medical management over bypass and Angioplasty as She is Diabetic, Hypertension as well as her arteries are vary narrow. What should we do, as even on hugh medicine, she contineously has breathless ness entire day.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. She is a ideal candidate for bypass surgery. Triple vessels' disease with hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol are an absolute indication for Coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). She is symptomatic (breathlessness) despite medicines. This also favors surgical management more. So better not wait and get done CABG. Consult cardiothoracic surgeon and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.

input: I had a grand mal seizure about 3 weeks ago, I am 72 years old and had never had a seizure before. I was under severe stress, no sleep for many days and was caring for my husband who died a week later. Anyway I was kept in the hospital for three days because I had developed before the seizure the ability to carry on a conversation and my words were staggered. Tonight I think I took my afternoon Dilantin and I took my night time one because my pill box for the afternoon dose was empty. What do you think is the right way if this happens again?
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. First seizure needs evaluation to find out the underlying cause of seizures. I presume you underwent MRI of brain, EEG and other blood tests. Regarding Dilation, you need to take 5 mg per kg body weight. So, if your weight is about 60 kg, then, a daily dose of 300 mg is needed. A capsule of Dilation is 100 mg, so, you would need three capsules daily. Since the duration of action is 24 hours, for conveniences sake, you can take the entire three capsules together at night. Other options include taking one in morning, after noon and night each OR one in morning and two at night. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I am 37 and have psoriasis, I never get any other stype of spots but over the last few days I have large red spots with yellow puss heads breaking out all over my body, I can count sisteen so far and they came from nowhere.  I never had these before, what can bring them on suddenly
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor Presence of pustular lesions in Psoriasis indicates that the disease is going to flare if hasn't already. The presence of pustules is the sign of an unstable disease. Causes for a pustular flare are topical irritants like coal tar, anthracite, with Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi i am from chennai. i have few black spots in my face which makes me look dark. This is my only problem pls help me with a good solution
output: Hi prithiWelcome to Chat Doctor Black spots on face or hyperpigmented spots which have developed later on in life could suggest hormonal imbalance or due to excessive sun exposure best results it is advisable to consult a dermatologist cum cosmetologist who can study your skin type and provide appropriate remedial then try to have a balanced diet, plenty of water and exercise for at least half an hour. Use only mild glycerine soap and sunscreen daily.avoid the afternoon sun 10am to 4pm if possible. You can try fresh lemon juice or natural lover application to decrease the black spotsThanks W

input: A couple of months ago l discoverd a very large blood blister on my large toe, l went to our local center for them to look at it they decided to cut away the skin and release the blood. Then they cut more skin away and dressed it. l was told that it must be dressed every day that has happend with my wife cleaning the wound and making sure that it stays clean. Now after two months the hole where they cut away the skin has not improved at all, being a diabetic on insulin l am beging to worry about gangerine. please advise me as to my next move as l live in spain and do not have access to a doctor as yet, we are going through the proccess now, sincerly Paul Wintershausen.
output: Hello Mr. Paul Wintershausen Since you are a diabetic and taking INSULIN and wound is not healing in spite of the treatment. This is a" diabetic foot" :Presentation of diabetic foot is of three type :1 Neuropathic foot in which neuropathy dominates .2 The neuroischemic foot, in which occlusive vascular disease is the main factor .3 Non-neuroishemic but purely infected foot. Since you are a diabetic patient, so any of above possibility may be the reason of NON-HEALING DIABETIC FOOT. In my opinion you must consult a PLANETOLOGIST and get his opinion. If color of infected toe is reddish bluish and foul smell is there then you may have developed GANGRENE. So at earliest consult a PLANETOLOGIST and get his opinion. Hope this will help you.

input: Hello. I dont know if i do have an allergy? because at every beginning of winter season I get cold and i start to caugh and this would ended until the coming of spring. I suffer a lot from caughing and my eyes? my throat and nose would never stop itching all  the time. please doctor help me at least with a piece of advice
output: Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. Although more details would help, from your current symptoms, I would first think of allergy.2. Were I treating you, I would suggest you montelukast and levocetirizine regularly during your "bad" season. You can also start montelukast 1 week before onset of "bad" season which may reduce your symptoms.3. If still you have cough, I would suggest you to get your chest examined by a doctor who will listen to it with a stethoscope and may identify the cause of cough.4. I would suggest you allergy testing which will help you identify the substances you may be allergic to and also to know the measures to avoid them.5. In general, I would suggest you to avoid exposure to dusts, smokes and air pollution as much as possible. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you the best of the health. Thank you & Regards.

input: Hi, i have been prescribed Citalopram today by my doctor, i have been reading through the side affects (good & bad) and still a little unsure if this is the right step to take. I work in a safety critical enviroment and cannot afford to have time off work. So i am wondering is this right for me.
output: Hello, Citalopram is safe Chat Doctor.  You can safely continue citalopram. Nothing much to worry, and your treatment is in the right track. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: i have stage 3 ovarian cancer I have had surgery chemo for a year the growth has slow down I was told I would not be cured. Therefore I stopped chemo. What well happen or what symptoms will I see next or how soon I am feeling more tried. Eating least, feeling full easily.
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. As you stop chemotherapy, your tumor will grow at faster rate.  You may develop abdominal pain, vomiting, anorexia, weight loss, ascites in short time. You should not stop the chemotherapy. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi, I occasionally have a combination of 3 things at once, lasting for less then a minute. I get very dizzy, with metallic taste in my mouth and tingling feeling on the side of my tongue. Nowadays it occurs about once a month and leaves me with no after effects. I am a 48 yrs old male and have had this happening for about 10 years now, seemingly getting more frequent in the last couple of years. I am an ex-smoker with high blood pressure, asthma and Crohn`s disease.
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, This could be due to the medical conditions. Take multivitamin supplements. Take complete balanced diet. Get the complete examination done by Physician. Take care!

input: I have a large pimple-like mass on my mid section. I am also having pain in my groin which causes pain when I stand or walk. I know I should go to the dr, but does it sound serious?  The mass shrinks and swells - at its largest has been the size of a baseball.
output: Hi, This is likely to be a hernia. This is not serious but to confirm the diagnosis you would need to be examined by a doctor. Pain and swelling are the main symptoms of a hernia. I suggest a visit to your doctor.  Chat Doctor. 

input: hi mam, im 23 years old got married 3 months. I wanna to get pregnant faster im getting my periods regularly now but minimum flow and getting spotting 15 days back is this an ovulation time? I got pcod 1 year back i took crimson tablets is there any problem to conceive? Pls reply me thank u.
output: Hello dear, i understand your concern. In my opinion there might not be any problem in conceiving if your cycles are regular. The cause for minimal flow like thyroid abnormalities should be ruled out.Also, as you have a history of POD previously an ultrasound might be needed to check for the POD status. First and most important is avoided stress and anxiety related to pregnancy because they cause hormonal imbalance and delay the conception further. If ultrasound and thyroid profile are normal then nothing to worry. Practice regular intercourse to increase the conception chances. Best regards... Chat Doctor. 

input: I have a cold with my throat semi soar, this morning I sneezed and below my rib cage left side feels like I pulled something but as the day goes on sneezing and or coughing is extremely painful is can describe it as it feel like a hernia trying to poke thru the skin, it almost drops me to my knees
output: Hi, The cause of pain below your rib cage left side could be possible pressure you put while sneezing or/and coughing. I'd suggest taking ibuprofen or paracetamol to ease the pain and inflammation of you throat. Furthermore, if your symptoms will worsen, you should seek consultation with your physician for further physical evaluation. All the best! Chat Doctor. 

input: I had spinal fusion and disc replacement in my c56&7 in oct 2011 now have a lump on the leftside at the base of my skull close to the spine,I ve had an mri and was it was real bad with osteoporosis and he couldn t even read the mri (which he does on all of his cases) I have very severe headaches and dizziness blurred vision and confusion please help. DeeDee
output: Hello, I have studied your case. As per your history it looks swelling of soft tissue which can be lipoma or benign tumor. I will advise consulting surgeon for clinical examination. Bone scan may help for diagnosis. Benign swelling giving rise to pain can be excised. Osteoporosis needs to be treated adequately. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: I have dry scaly skin on my buttocks . I attempted to use cortisone initially, but now I think this skin disorder is fungal in nature. I bought a tube of lotrimin and I ve applied 1 treatment so far. I can t believe how bad it s gotten. It has spread all over my buttocks in some upper parts of my legs. I plan to continue the lotrimin treatments. Will it worsen before it gets better?
output: Fungal infection you are right tab for can 150 MGM once a week for 3 month stab certain 10 MGM nightie Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 24 years of age. I had a tumor surgically taken out. After its biopsy it was found to be pure dysgerminoma. The tumor was confined to one overy. It was a conservative surgey. Do i need a chemotherapy? What is the survival rate with and without chemo. 5 year survival rate means the person only has 5 years to live?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. It is important to take chemotherapy for dysgerminoma after surgery. Stage 1 requires only surgery because it is immature teratoma. However, higher stage is best treated with chemotherapy. Dysgerminomas are usually very sensitive to chemo, and can sometimes be treated with the less toxic combination of carbonation and topside. Giving chemotherapy will control the disease and prevent recurrence. Recurrence takes place in few patients even after surgery. That is why probably your doctors have recommended chemotherapy. With chemotherapy survival rates are high in the early stages. Almost every patient will respond to treatment. In cancer survival 5 year is considered a benchmark for treatment. If a patient survives for 5 years then their cancer is considered treated. Patients can live for a lifetime. Please do not worry.

input: I had a c section four and a half months ago after six weeks i was getting a frozen feeling on my right leg and now its on my left leg ive had a full spinal mri and they found a bit ofswelling but the docs said thatsho not bea problem and now they want me to have a head scan. Can you help or advice me. Thanks
output: Hi, It could be due to peripheral neuropathy (postpartum). Calcium, vitamin and methylcobalamin in adequate dose should help. Neurologist opinion will be worthwhile. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a small white pain painful lump on the bottom of my foot. It is surrounded by red infected type colour. I first thought I had something stuck in my foot but I cant find anything. Its getting more painful every day and getting quiet hard to put any pressure on my foot.
output: Hi, Dear,These painful foot lumps need to be reviewed and consulted by your ER Surgeon. The lump in the throat seems to be abscessed of the plantar tissue of the foot. Take antibiotics / anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. So consultation with ER Surgeon would fix solution to your intriguing lump problem at the site. This would resolve your query. Write excellent review if you feel that this reply has helped you a lot. Welcome for any further query in this regard to Chat Doctor and to ME. Have a good Day.

input: I was in a car crash four months ago and took a huge impact to my right leg. Although the initial bruising subsided it still hurts and keeps swelling. From time to time the bruising also appears again. I algorithm get a tight feeling and intermittent pins and needles from shin to ankle.
output: After going through your query it seems you had suffered injury to nerve(common perineal nerve) which lies at outer and lower half of knee. Are you able to walk on your toes and heels? If yes then take vitamin B12 after consultation with your doctor. Take care and wish you good health. Do reply

input: I do not think anyone has the answer to my problem. One dermatologist said it is a paper allergy and another contributed it to dry weather causing the problem. My finger tips become numb feeling and then the skin becomes thick and then starts cracking and peeling. Right now one has peeled to the extent of being red and tender. Others are just cracking and peeling. Seems to be a problem of numerous people. I don t know if this is a question but I would like to know what causes this problem. It began about two years ago. I am even wondering if there could be a problem from using all the hand held electronics that people use now.
output: Hi sir/madam, Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Possible causes:-Contact dermatitis. Actinic keratitis. Atopic dermatitis. Hypothyroidism. Eczema. Hope I was useful helping you. Have a healthy day.

input: Hello, I have extremely sore and itchy nipples. I have been using anti fungal cream for a month and its not helping and I also had an ultra sound on my breasts 2 weeks ago and it came back clear. My ex used to cheat on me alot so could it be a symptom of an STI ? Any ideas what it could be? Thanks
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Sore and itchy nipples are not the signs and symptoms of Sexually Transmitted Infection. I would be due to some other infections preferably of fungal origin. The fungal infection will be more common in this area because the fungus can survive and grow in the wet and moist area. As you are having the symptoms of itching and soreness it sounds like a fungal infection. I would suggest you to follow1. Keep that area Chat Doctor. Topical Antifungal cream3. Oral Antihistamines4. Oral Antifungal 

input: I have a red spot on my left knee that at first looked like a mosquito bite but came to a head yesterday and then started oozing yellow pus. Now I have another sore starting on my right calf. Both are itchy. I ve been fighting a bad cold for 10 days and am concerned that these may not be bites. Thoughts?
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It is possible that they are bites that have become infected. Bites can become infected when bacteria are introduced from under the nails during itching. It is not likely that they are linked to the cold that you are currently fighting. The use of topical antibiotics may help but if they do not resolve with topical treatment then oral antibiotics would be needed. You should also consider repellent to prevent further bites. I hope this helps

input: In the past couple months I have been having an extreme sharp pain in my left abdomen. The pain causes me to be unable to breath and I fall to the floor unable to move because of how severe the pain is. I went to the doctor for it and gave them all my symptoms, period for 6 weeks, fatigued, headaches, heartburn. All of my tests came back normal, but I have still having this pain and when it hits it is very scary.Do you have any idea of what it could be or what my next step should be?
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, I would go for an ultrasound abdomen to rule out any pelvic adnexal disease or a urinary stone disease on the left side. Apart from it, any kind of pelvic infection or an UTI could also give rise to such pain. To rule this out, you have to get yourself examined clinically by a gynecologist, followed by a urine routine/microscopic/culture and sensitivity test and also an ultrasound of the abdomen. Therefore, I would advise you to take appointment with a gynecologist if not done already. Till then, you could go for an antispasmodic Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor

input: Hey This is a sex question regarding to pregnancy. Yesterday i was with my girlfriend fooling around and I ejaculated on her chest area. We waited for a minute or less and I started to wipe it dry off her chest. Some semen was still on her neck which I forgot about, and a minute after she went in the shower to wash the semen off her body. She was standing upright, rinsed her body first then used soap all over. She did not wash the inside of the Vagina but just the outside, most likely not allowing any water to get inside. Is it possible that she is pregnant?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to us.  This type of sexual activity do not cause pregnancy because semen Chat Doctor. 

input: I am allergic/intolerant to dairy products and i have eczema. I am now experiencing really loud annoying stomach growls with a bit of cramp sometimes even when i am not hungry i just had dinner and the loud growls are persisting... I have being stay clear of dairy products but the growls is still there, i dont like it at all, do you know any solutions to my problem..
output: Many persons are allergic to animal protein if you are allergic to diary then also you will have milk allergy as milk is also animal proteins and in some patients animal proteins are not compatible with human proteins with Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a tooth filled sept 24 it abcessed I developed a cough shortly after was put on antibiotics had to have tooth pulled last wk but still had chronic cough ..Im very asthmatic nothing is working for cough a d now metallic taste aftertaste when I cough
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You were having infected tooth and this can cause aspiration of pus in the lungs and development of lung Infection. So we should get done chest x-ray to rule out lung infection as a cause for your coughing. Your metallic taste is due to antibiotics you are taking. If chest x-ray is normal than no need to worry much for cough. Take antihistamine and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: My mom has underwent surgery in her intestine. Now she is having urinary infection. Report says that few pus cells were seen. Moderate Gram Positive Cocci were seen in pairs and chains. Enterococcus faecalis 10000 cfg/ml. Is this a serious condition?
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Enterococcus females is a type of bacteria that can cause a variety of infections though urinary tract infections are most common. It is treated with antibiotic therapy. The infection can sometimes be difficult to treat because the bacteria can be resistant to antibiotics. This does not occur in all cases, and it is quite possible that your mother would respond to her treatment. I hope this helps

input: Hi my question is ive been experiencing for a few years now a variety of strange symptoms and they are as follows muscles aches mostly on the left side of the body as well numbness and tingling on my left arm and muscles twitching all over my body. Also a tension that runs down my left leg as well as pain at the top of my left foot left knee and left upper shoulder. And lastly at times full body numbness and dizziness. So my question is what do all these symptoms mean? ive been to my primary care doctor and he performed blood work for fibromyalgia as well as rheumatoid arthritis but everything comes out clear.
output: Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that it is important performing a comprehensive differential diagnosis between different possible causes that may lead to this clinical situation: a bulging disc in the cervical column, vitamin D deficiency, fibromyalgia, etc. For this reason, I would recommend consulting with your attending physician for a physical exam and some tests: - a cervical spine X-ray study-complete blood count, PCR, ESR for inflammation- blood electrolytes for possible imbalance-vitamin D plasma levels.  A cervical spine MRI study may be needed, coupled with nerve conduction studies.  You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I was wondering if I could use Diclofenac Sodium 1% cream for pain in my hip from a bursa. I currently take Naproxen 500 mg tab 2 daily for hip pain and Gabapentin 300 mg 2 capsules at bedtime for restless legs and 1 tab of Ropinirole at bedtime for restless legs. I thought that maybe the Diclofenac Sodium could be taken in place of the Naproxen. Thank you Jeanne
output: Hi, Yes, Diclofenac sodium can be used as an alternative; but, I suggest not to switch before consulting your treating doctor.  Diclofenac cream can be applied locally as well. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I just had a heart catheter  done. I have two 20 % blockages  & heart disease.  I also seen 3 places on my artie that looked like knots but they didnt close my artie . My cath was only done on the left side of my heart. What are the so called knots ?
output: Hello dearWelcome to Chat Doctor.come have gone through your concern in depth.* These are most probably atheromas plaques deposited in the coronary vessels on long term basis. Hope this clears your doubt. Welcome for further assistance. Regards.

input: hello, i have asthma and my gp said because i havent been to collect any new pumps for a while im not entitled to getting a flu jab the reason of this is because i have many inhalers and they dont exspire until 2013 and i never run out. but she says i cant have the flu jab and i dont want to get the flu what do i do?
output: The flu jab (yearly influenza vaccination) is recommended to all patients with asthma regardless of how their disease is controlled. There is no reason why your doctor should withhold the based on your medication history.

input: I think I may have broke my foot near the navicular 4 weeks ago. Regular X-rays said no but it s has a protruding of bone where I hit it and now I m having burning, numbness and tingling in foot. Not to mention it seems like my great to is crossing over the one next to it. Should I go for a second opinion or is this normal.
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have burning sensation, numbness and tightness in the feet. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like chronic alcohol use , athletes foot, diabetic neuropathy, hypothyroidism, nerve injury or vitamin deficiency anemia. I would suggest you to consult general practitioner for proper examination. Doctor may order certain tests like blood test, nerve conduction test and take history. Doctor may prescribe iron supplement or refer you to endocrinologist for thyroid problem or orthopedic surgeon for nerve injury. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: I have a hard lump in my lower left abdomen.  The  area is tender to touch and pain is in my back behindwhere the lump is found.  I have a past history of cancer of thyroid and radiation therapy.  Frequent bowel movements that are ribbon shaped and occasional bleeding.
output: Hi, You should get examined by a Surgeon for the lump and the bleeding. It could be Diverticulitis and/ or Hemorrhoids. You might require an Ultrasound abdomen or some other imaging to see what it is. But do get yourself examined and then only can any form of treatment be instituted, Take care, Chat Doctor. 

input: Due to pain radiating from my kidneys, I was sent for an ultra sound back in January. After the technician sent results, they referred to what they found as a nodule . I was sent to the imaging center the next day to get a CT scan complete with dye through and IV. In conclusion they found that I have a benign cyst & that I was to drink plenty of water.... My question is: Should I be concerned that it is something more? I have severe pain radiating from my left side (I know for a fact it is not muscular) that is worse at night/ upon awakening. Sometimes it is dull/throbbing and others sharp and painful. I have also been having horrible headaches in the morning, which started about 2 weeks ago. My Grandmother died of Pancreatic cancer in her early 50s.
output: Hi, benign cyst of kidney is not so uncommon. They some time cause severe pain, but they require no treatment. One can use oral NSAIDs or heads at the time of pain. In my practice I find them quite helpful to my patient. If the size of the cyst is large, and they cause severe pain effecting your daily activity then they ma require surgery. Thanks

input: I have been diagnosed with a cyst on either my esophages or my Bronchi (they aren t sure yet). I have had an MRI and a CT scan both with contrast. I am now being told that I need another gated MRI. I am being treated now for stomach ulcers. I cough all the time. What are the chances that they will be able to fix this without major surgery?
output: Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Esophageal and or bronchial cyst if symptomatic than should be removed surgically. Surgery is the treatment of choice for such cyst. And it is better to remove this cyst as chances of following complications are high if these cysts are left untreated.1. Infection2. Rupture3. Fistula formation.4. Pressure symptoms on surrounding structures. So better to remove this cyst surgically.

input: I just had my teeth pulled and am wearing temporary dentures.  My teeth were pulled on 10/25.  I was given  chlorhexidine gluconate oral rinse.  I have been out of that medication for a week.  My tongue turned a chocolate milk color during using the rinse.  Now that I havent used it for a week, my tongue is still turning that color.  Infection or side effect?
output: Hello, Yes. It is one of the side of chlorhexidine gluconate mouth wash. It is not due to infection. Some other usual side effects.1. Tooth/tongue staining 2. Increased tartar3. Mouth/throat irritation4. Change in taste of food/ Chat Doctor. 1. To decrease staining of teeth and mouth surfaces, brush with toothpaste 3 times daily, brushing more on the stained areas2. Use of a "tartar control" toothpaste and electric toothbrush may be more effective.3. To decrease the effect on how food tastes, eat first, followed by tooth brushing and then chlorhexidine rinse.4. See your dentist at least every 6 months for tooth cleaning/tartar removal.5. Staining from this medication that may occur on dental work (such as crowns or veneers) usually can only be removed by a dentist/hygienist. Wishing you good health.

input: I have been cramping for the last 3 days, i am bloated and feel tired all the time. I took a pregnancy test today (first response) and it was negative even though my period is not until the 15th of this month. Could i have taken the test too early? And should i expect more symptoms? I ovulated on the 1st and my husband and I were intimate.
output: Hi, It is too early to say about pregnancy. You have gone for test too early.If you do not get period on time, go for test again after 7-8 days passed of your expected date of period. Ok and take care.

input: Dear Dr Prasad. I had frequent break outs on my skin. A lot of pimples suddenly.As an aside, I also had severe throat swelling and ear pain, unlike the symptoms of tonsilitis.My GP told me it was because of a lymph node infection.Can pimples break out because of this? And what is the treatment?
output: ALWAYS MENTION YOUR AGE & GENDER.LYMPH NODES OCCURS DUE TO INFECTION. NOT DUE TO PIMPLES. FOR PIMPLES .KEEP THE FACE CLEAN WITH FACE WASH TWICE A DAY.AVOID OIL FOR HAIR & FACE.USE OIL FREE MOISTURIZERS .WASH YOUR HAIR. WITH SHAMPOO TWICE A WEEK.AVOID HOT & HUMID.FOR THROAT SWELLING USE HOT SALINE GARGLES TWICE A DAY.YOU CAN TAKE PARACETAMOL/IBUPROFEN FOR PAIN.USE BOYLE BENZOATE CREAM FOR PIMPLES.DO NOT PINCH OR SQUEEZE PIMPLES, IT LEAVES SCAR.

input: Hii,I recently had sonography & report says liver enlarged with mild coarse un echotexture , it measures 16.4 cms in spam.Subsequent liver function showsrange of Bilirubin as 0.61 & Albumin as 3.60I would like tomention that I am 41 year old Male with regular intake of alchol.Is my condition bad enough & please suggest medication & course of treatment.
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor Your bilirubin level and albumin levels are within limit... Hence, chance of jaundice and chronic liver disease is less here... Your further evaluation for enlarged liver should be done with following... -CBC and peripheral smear examination, If target cells seen hemoglobinopathy ruled out by HPLC -Serum viral markers if suspected from history like bag -Serum SGPT, GOT According to cause found further management planed... Alcohol intake should be kept limited. Heavy Chat Doctor. 

input: Is there any cure for Cerebral Palsy in Nimhans
output: Simians is the premier institute for Neurological and psychiatric conditions. You will get the best treatment there. But that does not mean that all conditions are curable. Cerebral palsy can only be managed and not cured. The treatment revolves around medications and physiotherapy and should be provided in the right time. Earlier the intervention the better the response. Hope this helps.

input: hi doctors, my name is anita and im inquiring regarding chronic pain ( as of yesterday evening ) in my tail bone, i did not fall just almost tripped from behind but caught myself, since then from my knees down i feel numbness or tickling sensation and the pain is not aliviating, can i get your input and do i have to seek immediate help or home excercise is okay ?
output: Hello, I have studied your case and most probably you are having disc herniation with nerve compression in the spine. I would recommend you to get some rest. Take hot water fomentation in the back and also keep your leg elevated over pillow. You should also take tablet Pregabalin M one daily. This will decrease nerve edema and also take care of the pain.  I hope this answer will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks

input: I ve had two colonoscopys; one for chronic diarrhea and 3 years later one of my three stool samples tested positive for blood. Both times the colonoscopy showed funky white (according to the pictues) spots all over my colon. They did a biopsy and it was negative, but the second doctor asked if I took a lot of naproxin or Alleve, which I do. He said that s notorious for tearing up your colon. Is that true? Could it be anythig else like IBS or diverticulitis. Or something? I ve been avoiding Alleve for over a year, but my wrist and shoulder are both bothering me again.
output: Hello, They aren't notorious for colon. But stomach they certainly are. They are a risk of an ulcer due to stopping the protective lining of the stomach. The rest, I've no idea without looking at the film and biopsy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: i am suffering fro heart burn for 2 years.i have done endoscopy.but result shows mild and moderate ulcer with no hp negative.i took sucral for 1 month.but hurt burn is still going on.i am taking ppi.but is there any permenent sollution? ppis have also side effect , so how i manage my heart burn............please give suggestion.
output: Hello, After going through your medical query I understand your concern and I would like to tell you that in chronic ulcer it is recommended for you to not take hot eatables, eat them on room temperature and take mostly cold, avoid spicy, caffeine-containing products and carbonated Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a lump on the right side of my vagina it started out on the outside now it has gotten swoll and sits on the inside of my vaginal area it looks like a hair bump but it only hurts a little when i wipe or when i lay down it itches a little. I thought it was a cysts.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A lump in the vaginal wall could be due to cystic lesion. A Catholics gland cyst, a Garden cyst, soft tissue swelling, etc. Inflammation of Catholics gland is quite painful. However, the Catholics cyst lies at the junction of anterior two thirds and posterior one third of the labia minor. You need to consult a gynecologist for clinical assessment. Depending on the type of lesion, further management will be planned. Surgical removal of the cyst will be curative in most of the cases. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello sir!! Im 23 years old and im having problem in my stomach and intenstines since last 3 years.. After every 6-7 months. Im on proper medication but still there is pain in ma extreme right of stomach. I only take 2 meals a day. I sleep in early morning like 4/5 nd get up around 2. It is actually bothering me too much now as my work is suffering and twice I had to leave my job . So what can I do to make things better!??
output: Hello, By history it seems like you're suffering from acid peptic disease. Your food habits and your stressed life and work pattern has a role to play.you're on regular medication but you're not ad Chat Doctor. If uncontrolled you may develop gastric acid reflux, gastric ulcer and duodenal ulcer. Avoid spicy food, tea and coffee.Don't skip any meal. Have frequent small meal. Keep yourself stress-free. Sleep should be adequate. Take Proton pump inhibitors

input: I have neurological symptoms pinching burning numbness weakness high pitched sounds in head titching kicking muscle jumping tingling and other sensations and ect my symptom s come and go. my first emg was positive for Peripheral neuropathy lower legs and feet symptoms spread threw body had a second emg was normal even though i still have symptoms in feet lower legs and now threw out my body I also have a lesion on my cervical spine does a emg diagnose multiple sclerosis
output: His read your problem, actually peripheral neuropathy is a disorder that occurs when nerves malfunction because they are damaged or destroyed. Causes of peripheral neuropathy-Generalized diseases nerve damage caused by diabetes is one of the most common forms of neuropathy. The risk of neuropathy increases for people whore over weight have high blood pressure are over the age of 40 have diabetes other chronic causes airline disorderHypothyroidismDeficiencies of vitamins E, B1,B6, and B12, which are essential to nerve health NAD functioning. InjuryPhysical trauma is the most common cause of injury to the nerves. Alcholhol and toxins infections and autoimmune disorders. MedicationsTreatment options for peripheral neuropathy again medicationsAcetaminophen and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Medical treatment-TENSErgonomic casts or splints. And you have multiple sclerosis and there is no cure for multiple sclerosis. For the further treatment or investigation consult the orthopedic or euro.

input: Recently I have had two really strange turns. The first time I was watching TV and the whole world seemed to tip backwards briefly. It happened again tonight as I picked my son up from after school club. I was stood chatting to the supervisor. I rang my doctor and there are no appointments available for 2 and a half weeks. I have to ring back in the morning. In the meantime, I feel quite anxious.
output: Hi, you need to be evaluated for what you are going through. I would like to suggest you do a few simple vestibular exercises which should help you. meanwhile fix an appointment with your GP.

input: I was told a month ago I have a tear between L4 and L5, my doctor said he wants it to heal on its own but I ve had this since 08 and getting worse. I have been on pain killers I m sick of due to not eating and sleeping. Plus they don t even help anymore. He told me surgery would be our last resort but I can t deal with the pain anymore ..I was wonder what would be the process and everything that goes along with this kind of surgery and the percentage of this actually helping me.
output: Hello, Thanks for writing in. Tear can develop in the disc, causing the disc material to rupture into spinal column. Before proceeding to surgery you have to get an MRI done and be completely sure. You can go for less invasive procedure i.e. laser surgery. You can consult your doctor for better. Hope I have answered your query. Regards.

input: Hi I am on 300mg of Effexor for ocd, and I am always exhausted and very vacant. My memory is hopeless, I can give a shop assistant my card and then stress straight away wondering what I have done with it. I know I have to be on medication because I really struggle otherwise but was wondering if I can decrease my dosage or try another medication. Thank you. Wendy
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your description. I suggest you not to worry too much. If you are a typical OCD client, then you should have been advised about OCD fully. It is mandatory. The stress goes with OCD, and it is easily overcome. As long as your memory is concerned, it is not failing. It actually is overwhelmed. You are preoccupied with obsessional thoughts which fails your memory. OCD clients should learn how to tackle this, how to think away from obsessive thoughts. You might need OCD therapy and other behavioral therapies. I am more than happy to provide telephone psychological help through Chat Doctor. Contact me through customer care, www.ChatDoctor .com. Hope this clears your some doubts. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi, I would like to know which tablet is good and with minimun side effects to cure High BP, diffrent doctors have prescribed me Listril 10 mg,Lipril,Tazloc 40. Which one I should take my BP reading is 150/100 at doctors place and 140/95 at some other place.
output: Hinoted your details you are either in prehypertension stage or grade 1 hypertension tablet amlodipine a dishy Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi I have notice skin discoloration spots on my lower back & side. Im not sure how long theyve been there I recently noticed a new one in a new spot under my right breast. Theres a big patch right on my tail bone & other spots spread out up my right side. Theyre kind of reddish at first & then turn to a more light browinsh color. What could this be linked to?
output: Hi, It seems that you may be having most probably Tina tricolor. It is caused by yeast ...Melanesia fur fur. Antifungal tablet like ketoconazole for 2 to 3 weeks may be taken. Antifungal cream like ketoconazole cream may be applied. Antifungal shampoo containing ketoconazole may be done. I think you might improve. However, you consult dermatologist. I hope you got my answer. Thanks.

input: I have been feeling very sick for weeks now like I have a bad hangover. I try and eat something to feel better but I end up feeling worse. No vomiting though. Also I have very sharp pains in my armpits and very sore upper arm muscles like I have been working out a lot. Very fatigued for no reason. And nothing seems to go away.
output: Hello have read your query. There is possibility of cervical disc bulge leading to pain in arm. I will advise you MRI spine. I will advise you physiotherapy like IT And TENS. Furthermore, I hope I have answered your questions. If you have further questions please feel free to contact us. I will be happy to answer. Take care.

input: Thanks... a bit confused about treatment options and correct sequencing of frozen shoulder Orthopedic Surgeon 1st - Radiographs (?) - Steroid injection into the joint area - Physical therapy sessions (?) for How long ? or exercise/flexibility/yoga/pranayama at home. OR O.D. 1st - Trigger point injections into 1/2muscle with lidocaine, no epi - multiple appts.(unknown amounts of time and money), some manual adjustments , some exercises to open up hips (connection of pain in shoulder to posture etc), some arm exercises but unable to do because of pain My questions are 1. What is the most effective procedure? 2. What is the best sequencing of treatment? 3. Are alternative treatment modalities necessary always after steroid injections and exercise if relief is present? 4. To prevent this issue from reoccurring are there certain exercises/life management and/or dietary adjustments that have proven to be helpful? Thanks
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough clinical assistant is advised. As per your query you need to first meet an or tho for the clinical assessment. Post than may be an MRI will be guided to see the soft tissue Injury. Later, with physical therapy the use of ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy will help reduce pain and inflammation. Later stages, exercises and mobilization will be performed to get the strength and ROM of the shoulder girdle. In my clinical practice, it takes about 3-4 weeks of time for recovery to attain. 99% of patients recover faster if the blood glucose level are under control. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: my mother is copd patient and she is oxygen concentrator for the last 2 years ,since a weekher oxygen leve drops down to 75 without the concentrator,if we put her on the o2 cylinderit is improving ,any further treatment plan can be extended to her.her legs become very fatdue to fluid retensiion we got it cured ,please advice
output: Hello In my opinion regarding the history she should be evaluated by the pulmonologist and cardiologist again. Regards

input: I found a tick on me 4/11. I pulled it out not realizing it was a tick and left the head. My body muscles hurt like I have the worst case of flu. It hurts to write, it hurts to play the piano. My temperature spikes high, then drops, then spikes high. Blood tests being done by infectious disease but was told may not find what tick gave me. This past Monday I felt great and I know I overdid it, Tuesday morning I could barely move and was in so much pain. I am on doxycycline and side effects are similar to what I have. But sore throat off and on for two days.
output: Hi, you need to get a throat culture swab done. Doxycycline has its own side effects and should be avoided. Shift to cephalosporins and Chat Doctor. Taking paracetamol with tramadol will be very useful along with multivitamins. Consult a physician if the symptoms do not reduce. Thank you

input: Doctor, my young brother has cycle-cell, he is 30 years old, height 5,7 and weight 59. He has been experiencing abdominal pain, after diagnosis it was found that his liver is swelling. and his stomach is swelling of water. Doctor help us we are poor we cannot aford expensive treatments.
output: Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your health concern, if I am your doctor I suggest you that there is no treatment of sickle cell disease. Only thing you have to do is prevention. Prevention is by preventing low oxygen tension to your brother. If he is on low oxygen tension than he feels attack but if he is on good oxygenation nothing will happen to him. I will be happy to answer all your future concern. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious disease specialist. Wish you the best health at Chat Doctor.

input: I have a degenrated disc at my L4/L5 level. It is at about 25% degeneration. My L5/S1 also has some slight degenration. I found out after pulling a muscle in my back 4 years ago. My right leg is about a centimeter shorter than my left, which is the main cause of the degeneration. I have shoe inserts which leveled my hips and legs. I recently pulled a muscle in my lower back. I have been experiencing lower back pain and stiffness, along with sciatic pain. I have also been experiencing intermittent pain in my left testicle. It comes and goes and sometimes moves to the right testicle. I have also noticed a frequent urge to urinate. I have noticed that not as much urine comes out and I still feel like I have to go shortly thereafter. If I massage the area near the rectum and behind the scrotum, it provides relief. Movement also provides some relief. The pain moves around between the testicles and base of the penis. Sometimes it disappears completely. I have not been tested for an STI, mainly because I have been married for over 5 years and have no other sexual partners. There have also been no physical signs, i.e. discharge, burning/pain while urinating, cloudy or smelly urine, blood in urine/ejaculate, etc. I have had issues with urination for at least 10 years. They include constant urge, inability to urinate when I feel the urge. I am currently uninsured, so I am trying to find some possible answers before I make it into a doctors office.
output: Hi, In my opinion the radiating pain in your testicles isn't coming from the herniation or the medications you take it actually came from you renal system which is mentioned of having history of issues for the past ten years, so I think you have some sort of renal stone or a gravel in your ureters that prevents you from urinating freely to the end. You will need some investigation like SUA, RH factor, ASCOT Title, urinalysis and U/S of your abdomen and pelvis to know exactly where is the pathology exactly for specific treatments.  I would recommend higher fluid intake, low proteins and carboy Chat Doctor.  Please click THANK YOU and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Hope the above information helps you. Any further clarifications feel free to ask.

input: Hello, thank you for your time and information in advance. My Name is Deneicia. I actually have two question. Is that okay? If so, my question are as follows. My 7 year old daughter suddenly had a pain in her neck friday night. Within 5 minutes of her saying that her neck was huring, she developed a fever. Within 15 minutes of the fever she was sleep. I woke her up to ask her about her neck about a hour later, it had stopped hurting but she was extremely thirsty. It has been 24 hours and she is stil having frequent fevers every two or three hours, no other irritations other than stomach was hurting about a hour ago. She had a bowel movement and is now asleep. Should I take her to the E.R. Her fevers have been between 99.9-111.5. My next question is in regards to myself. I have been suffering with Bilaterial Galactoherria ( I pray I spelled it right) for over 8 years, however, this past eposide was the worst, I had pain and bloody discharge. All of my test came back negative. The test ran were MRI of my brain to see if I had a tumor on my P.G, mammogram to check for cyst, and I believe the ducts. My breast have been leaking milk, puss and blood, can you reccomend anything? My Email address is YYYY@YYYY and my number is 910-546-9887. Thank you!
output: HI, Thank for asking to ChatDoctorFor your daughter upper respiratory tract infection some time stiff the muscles of neck and that causes neck pain viral infection among them is more common but that come around with antipyretic Chat Doctor. 

input: i am 34 yr old male i exercise regularily  i m 6ft tall and weigh 95 kgs  i am a regular tennis player for last one year or so i am having frequent chest discomfort no pain . i got my tmt and echo done 3 times in last one year both are absolutely fine with my tmt results going better than 100% whay is this frequent chest discomfort
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about heart diseases as your 2d echo and TMT (trade mill test) are normal. In my opinion, you are mostly having musculoskeletal cause for your chest discomfort. Your chest discomfort is associated with exertion (playing tennis), so musculoskeletal cause is more likely. So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in musculoskeletal discomfort. 1. Avoid awkward movements. 2. Sit with proper back and chest support. 3. Apply warm water pad on affected areas of chest. 4. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. 5. Avoid bad postures in sleep. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: ok so about 5 days ago i started developing red spots on my upper stomach just below my bra line... i havnt been in contact with anything like mumps , chicken pox , measles or anything of such nature... the spots are much like pimples .. sweat pimples really... but after i noticed the first couple more started developing... i now have prob over 50 of them of various sizes and they range from where they started under my bust line to my stomach, back of my neck and all over my back... i have been to the doctors and all they said was that because i was doing training it could be the fact that i have had a reaction to the mowed grass... or they are insect bites ... but he couldnt tell me exactly what they were... i am 23 and im pretty scared... i have a four year old son and would hate to find out that they arnt that effective t me but could be bad for him.... Please Help
output: No need to worry These can be allergic for fungal reactions for mixed keep your area Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been on a diet using ChatDoctor drops. I have been experiencing a bit of unexplained bruising and other areas that are the same pain as a bruise, but no bruise or injury is present. Could this be a side effect of the ChatDoctor? Is this a safe thing to take?
output: Hello, I will suggest you to discontinue the hormonal method of weight loss. ChatDoctor Chat Doctor.  Lack of vitamin C in diet and other important micro nutrients can lead to browsability. Chat Doctor has also many side effects, one of which a rare one is browsability. It's best to get into a weight loss program using natural methods and not skipping these essential nutrients, under the guidance of a professional nutritionist.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My husband has had stomach issues for 2 years now. When it first happened he complained of severe stomach pain in his upper middle to left abdomen. He also had a fever. We took him to the E.R. and he was diagnosed with Diverticulitis after a CT scan with contrast. Due to not having insurance at the time, we never followed up until this past month. He had a colonoscopy done and they found nothing to even suggest he has diverticulitis. They also eliminated Crohn s and Celiac disease. The only thing we have noticed that aggravates the pain is steak so he avoids it but still has the pain. He describes it as a bruised feeling. It s a dull pain unless he eats something that aggravates it or if the area is touched then it is a sharp pain, and he says it s not a cramping pain at all, just a very bad bruised feeling. It also causes him weird bowel movements that range from diarrhea one day to close to constipation the next. His doctor is treating him for Irritable Bowel but the medicine hasn t helped at all.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read the history and understood the problems of your husband. The diarrhea, constipation sometimes, pain in abdomen, CT scan which showed diverticula in the past, but the recent colonoscopy is absolutely normal. Yes, he is suffering from the Irritable Bowel Syn Chat Doctor. If the medicines are not helping, the probable causes and the treatment area as follows:-Notice more than the steaks, which food stuffs and beverages cause / increase his problems. -Increase the dose of the medicines o give more effect or may be change over to another medicines. -Stress and anxiety are the biggest contributory factors, and he has to keep them under control at any cost, with yoga, meditation and / or medicines.

input: I had my monthly period on the 18 of May. Had unprotected sex on the 27. My partner did not cum inside me but I was still scared so I took the plan b pill on the 29 less than 42 hours. Saw spotting on the 4th of June it took 5 days. Missed my real monthly period. Now I have a golf ball size on my left breast which does not hurt. Can I be pregnant?
output: Hi, I understand your concern. Plan B is for emergency contraception. It acts by postponing ovulation.This results in delay in routine menstrual cycle, The scanty bleed you had, is with Chat Doctor.  The breast signs are due to side effects of the hormone. It will disappear after menstruation.  Thanks.

input: Rught after hurting my lower back yesterday, both my legs became extremely weak and shakey feeling as though they couldn t support me anymore. My lower back feels very very weak now too. What s wrong with me? Do i have to pay to continue to consult I m sorry, i just read that I have to pay. I have no money at this time. Thank you anyway for taking the time to read my question.
output: Dear patient You have got para paresis due to back injury. This is serious issue, and you need to consult spine surgeon as soon as possible. Spinal cord and nerves travels through spinal canal and back trauma may lead to vertebral fracture or disc prolapse with spinal cord compression.  Spinal cord compression leads to weakness in both legs and loss of bowel and bladder control. This if not treated in time may not recover. So the need of urgent consultation. I would advise MRI of lumbosacral spine with screening of whole spine to confirm diagnosis.  Visit expert spine surgeon with report. All the best.

input: I am a diabetic with a foot ulcer on my right foot. My dr put a 3 day cast on last friday, and removed it and put on a new one monday. I am scheduled to get a new one monday. Today I noticed the cast and boot started smelling bad. I have always had sweaty feet. Should I go to the ER or is it normal? Thank you.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor If you are noticing an odor, it would be best to be assessed as soon as possible. The bad odor may indicate worsening infection and, in a diabetic, infections have to be treated as soon as they are noticed to avoid any complications. You should either visit your doctor or the ER today. I hope this helps

input: Hi, I have been having neck pain like in the muscle behind the ear going toward the shoulder. My husband says the muscle feels like it has a knot in it. Today my 6 year old came home from school and said his neck had been huring him all day long today. He has not heard me talking about my neck hurting since he was gone all day yesterday. Thanks
output: Hello, The pain in the neck can be due to a muscle spasm or due to an infected node in the area. In case there is no palpable node then a muscle spasm is more likely. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My 10 month old has had a bad cold and hacking cough for the last 5 weeks. Almost continual streaming nose and lots of phlegm. This morning he projectile vomited up all his milk. I then tried him on solids, but half an hour later he projectile vomited all his solids up. Any advice on next steps? He doesn t have a temperature and seems happy otherwise.
output: Hi! I'm sorry to hear that about your child. His cough and colds can trigger the vomiting. You said he has lots of phlegm, the body will try to eliminate it. You can try small frequent feeding, in that way the stomach is not full when he coughs. Also, when you feed him, keep him upright. We want to prevent the risk of aspiration. Monitor him for any signs of difficulty in breathing and or deny Chat Doctor.  If any of these appears, bring him to his doctor for proper assessment. I hope I was able to help you. Have a good day! Sincerely, Handle Dulay-See, M.D. Pediatrics

input: My dad has lung cancer and just in the last two days he has become very confused and cannot put sentences together, cannot feed himself, walk, or go to the restroom on his own...does this appear to perhaps reached his brain or could this be from the strong pain patches that he has been on for just a few days now? Thanks
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. There are few causes for altered mental status and confusion in lung cancer patients. 1. Spread of tumor in brain.2. Electrolyte imbalance especially hyponatremia (low sodium).3. Acute psychosis from the fact of having incurable disease. So get done MRI brain to rule out brain metastases. Get done S. Na+ to rule put hyponatremia. If both are normal than consult psychiatrist to rule out acute psychosis.

input: Over the past 3 days, my pelvis has been painful to touch, mostly on my right side as if there is a bruise just under the skin, although I havent done anything that may have caused this. I have no other symptoms or pain, just a lot of tenderness in that area, around a golf ball sized area.
output: Hi, from history it seems that you might be having appendicitis pain giving this tenderness at lower right abdomen. Consult surgeon and get examined.Meanwhile, take some antispasmodic like Metal spas for pain. Ok and take care.

input: My 8 month old has HFM, and is in a lot of pain. Blisters everywhere, barely able to sleep and is inconsolable when awake. Other than giving him Tylenol and offering cold things to chew on I m not sure what to do to keep him comfortable enough to sleep?
output: Hand, foot and mouth disease is a viral infection that is frequently seen now-a-days. Viral infections do not respond to antibiotics and resolve spontaneously in 5-10 days. Management is supportive. Giving Tylenol should reduce the pain and help. Use lidocaine oral gel over the oral lesions, and it will help in relieving the pain. You may give pedicloryl syrup and help the child sleep. I am sorry that you would need to be a bit patient.

input: About 8 days ago I was bending over while placing a box on a shelf in the garage, and heard a pop on my side. It came from my lower left side about 6-8 inches from my chest, the shorter ribs i think. There is no swelling or bruising , just painful, especially if I lay on that side. Is it a rib?
output: Hi, It might be a simple musculoskeletal pain. As of now, you can take analgesics like Acetaminophen or Tramadol for pain relief. If symptoms persist better to consult an orthopedic and get an MRI done. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have pan in my left side in the kidney area and it las maybe 2 to 5 mint, and i have had kidney stones in the past,but every time i go to the doctor they never find anything .Can kidney stones damage your kidney i have had 3 kidney stones in my left kidney only.
output: Thank you for being with Chat Doctor ! Kidney stones in the absence of obstruction or infection will not affect your kidney. I hope I have answered your question satisfactorily, and please consider a 5-Star rating for my answer.

input: my father is having bad stomach pain. he had this pain before and was told it was alcoholic gastritous. he hasnt drank any alcohol and woke up in pain this morning that has gotten worse. he too a ranitidine at 9am. will an ibprofen help with the pain or be safe to take?
output: Hellos your father stated that this pain is due to gastritis (caused by alcohol intake) , sanitizing is not working. When such case visit with excruciating pain, patient need to take antacid (if it contains tetracaine, better)4 T S F (until and unless contraindicated) according to necessity. Also give your father diclofenac 100 mg+ Chat Doctor. Ibuprofen will further produce (aggravate) gastritis. Your father will get relief immediately with this treatment. But this is a prescription treatment so take a prescription from a doctor. Still, no relief within 4-5 hours then consult a physician and get his opinion. Good luck.

input: back in 1998 I broke my c6 and damaged my dic between c 6 c5 for 3 years I was bed ridin chronic pain 2002 they put me on dilaudid 2mg 4 tm dy which made some diff then added 25 mcg fen now I am at 175 mcg fen one 100 and one 75 also dilaudid 4 mg 4 times day now my doc for trial they want me to try drop the dilaudid and try 30mg of morphin 3 times aday the fen stay the same which would work best or a complete revamp I need to get some life back I am 71 and my name stuart
output: Hi Stuart, Dilaudid contains an opioid HY Chat Doctor.  So if your doctor wishes to shift you from diluted to morphine, in my opinion, it will be better to ask him clearly what his reasons are for advising the change. If you were comfortable on the previous regimen, then there is no point in making any change. Best wishes.

input: I have general gum recession on my bottom teeth and slight recession on my upper canines. Im thinking about getting gum grafts to cover the exposed root surfaces. But as Im currently wearing braces, Im not sure what I should do. Should I wait until the orthodontic treatment is over and then get gum grafts? Or is during the orthodontic treatment fine?
output: Dear friend. Thanks for sharing your concern. As you are wearing orthodontic braces for teeth alignment, your teeth will take new position due to it root movements.Therefore, it is best to go for gum grafts only after that. Also remember mild recession can itself get corrected after orthodontic braces removal. It is only in severe recession cases you need to get your gums covered with tissues through grafts. That will reduce your teeth sensitivity as well as enhance esthetically. Meanwhile, it is advised to get your teeth cleaned once, upon consulting your orthodontist, because deposition of calculus and stains also leads to gum recession. Maintain very good oral hygiene, and you can use antiseptic mouth rinses too. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: I recently had a stent put in my left carotid artery and am on Plavix. I have developed sizable bruise on my forearm which has a hard knot in the center of it. Do I need to see my doctor about this or will it just go away? Could it be a blood clot even tho I am on a blood thinner?
output: Hi, Greetings from Chat Doctor. Since you had a stent put on your left carotid artery you have to be on a blood thinner medicine like clopidogrel or aspirin which prevent platelet aggregation and clotting. If you have developed a bruise it is due to clopidogrel overdose. If it's enlarging in size or if multiple bruises are appearing you need to consult doctor and adjust the dose of clopidogrel

input: I have a daughter who s hair is starting to fall out since she was a baby. I thought it s normal until 2 months ago, her hair falls double. I went to different dermatologists but they can t give me an answer to what is causing for this hair fall. I thought it s due to malnutrition for she s thin and never had a regular milk to drink for she s allergic to milk. But I have been giving her powder milk and she seems to be gaining weight but the hair fall doesn t stop. Please help me find out what is causing my daughter s hair fall before her hair starts receeding in front. Thank you so much.
output: Hi, Hair fall can be due to zinc and protein deficiency. Give her zinc supplements like Sure and high protein diet like meat, eggs. You didn't mention the age, so It's difficult to counsel regarding diet but make him eat good diet according to age and get a check-up from dermatologist for some fungal infection causing hair loss. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi there, I have been having problems with my stomach for the past few  weeks! I feel bloated and vomit after food but I dont throw anything up. I have also felt some lumps on my upper stomach right under my chest bones mainly my right side. The lumps are getting more and when I touch they hurt! Can you please give me some advice.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Bloating and vomiting are nonspecific symptoms, but these lumps you're feeling are definitely something that must be evaluated! You should do at least ultrasound to rule some serious diagnosis out. Usually such symptoms are caused by gastritis, gErd or hiatus hernia, so gastrostomy should be performed too. There is no specific cure. If you have only gastritis this is treated by changing dietary habits. You should avoid alcohol, coffee,smoking, fats and fast food, carbonated Chat Doctor.  1 hour after meal you should not sit or lay. Also lay with elevated upper body. If you are overweight you should do often exercise. But as I said, I really suggest to DI some imaging tests do investigate these lumps. Wish you good health.

input: I noticed bruising on both left and right legs after driving 12 hours straight (took four 1 hr breaks in between to get gas and food). Is this unexplained bruising related to sitting down too long in the car or it is something serious that I need to see my doctor.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you should consult your doctor and get done blood investigation to rule out any disease. Skin bruises on bilateral lower limb after prolonged Chat Doctor.  So get done PT (prothrombin time), APT (activated prothrombin time) and bilateral lower limb venous Doppler. If all are normal then no need to worry. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: My 2yr old grandaughter has always had trouble wth constipation and has been under her famly doctor, she has been taking medicine for quiet a while. My daughter in law is worried about her taking the medicine and asked for a Consultant to look at her. The first visit he said try a dairy free diet, this did not make any difference. Now she has a very swollen tummy and has lost weight. She has also been off her food the last couple of weeks eating very little. She has also cut another couple of teeth so we thought it might be that. The hospital have taken xray of her stomach, and she will be having some blood tests in the next couple of weeks. As you can imagine we are very worried, have you any idea what it may be?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. I think your kid is having habitual constipation. I have certain questions and suggestions for you. Questions:1. Did your kid pass motion or meconium on day one of life?2. Since how long is the kid constipated?3. Does the kid have any bleeding along with hard stools?4. How much milk does the kid consume per day?5. Does the kid eat fruits and vegetables (fiber diet) appropriately? You can get back with answers at the following link - www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor.  Natural methods are the best to relieve constipation.2. Constipation is a risk factor for UTI3. Maximum milk consumption per day should not exceed 300-400ml4. Minimum 3-4 cups of fruits and vegetables to be consumed per day5. Toilet training - that is - sitting in Indian type of lavatory daily at the same time will help a lot. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: I think I am going mad. I cant control my actions, I am scared of hurting people around me, I have tried to get nhs help I have been on a waiting list for a long time, I cant afford to go private but I need help, what can I do? I cant live my life this way for any longer
output: Ok dear. Take olanzapine 5 mg BD for a month. And yes do follow up with me. Take single tablet of clonazepam 1 mg at night before going sleep.  So don't worry. Hope my answer is helpful and thankful to you. Take care. Plz follow up to know me the effect of the Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi my name is sahira, 29 age, my husband is 31 yrs old. We are trying for a baby now I am taking Menogon 3 inj on alternate days and 1 pregnyl inj, how many chances of conceiving are with this inj? My hormones and my husband tests are clear. O have 2 fibroids in my uterus, does conceiving effect it?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  As you describe both of you are perfect in the tests of gynecologist, you need not have this treatment. But if 3 years passed after the marriage, most of the doctors use this treatment.  Mention is a purified combination of follicle stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone. To induce ovulation and enable pregnancy in women.  In women, Chat Doctor is used together with other hormones called follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) in the treatment of infertility.  So there is every possibility of getting pregnant. It needs per vaginal ultrasound scanning at the time of expected ovulation, to see there is maturation of the follicles, and ovulation.  If you don't get pregnant in the first time, you may become pregnant you will become pregnant in the second cycle. So never get confused, or get anxiety, as they may spoil the process.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.

input: My grandson has a bad case of acne and seen Christa Heard CRNP today. She recommended antibiotics and a cream to be applied morning and night, to make a long story short the medicine was 600. dollars and I am a single woman raising my grandchild needless to say he was very upset when we left the drugstore what or where do we go from here? Sandra
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. I understand that 600 dollars is a huge amount and it's even puzzling to me why a course of antibiotics and a cream would cost that much.  I presume that you don't have insurance, so the only option would be to be prescribed more cost-effective medication.  Furthermore, I would suggest that you can let the CRNP know that you cannot afford the medication and request her to prescribe something else more cost-effective and affordable. Since acne is not a serious condition, I don't think your grandson needs a very strong antibiotic or other expensive medication.  Wish you all the best. 

input: hi.i am sanjay age51 yrs, wt 95 kg, b/p130/80,trigliceride155,sgpt32.Usg report says liver enlarged measures 20.1 cm in cranio caudal axis with diffuse fatty parenchymal echoes.no intrahepatic biliary dilatation is seen.no focal parenchymal lesion is detected.Dr. on consultation advised udibon 1-1-1(1 month).shall I proceed with this drug.SANJAY YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi there, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. Yes you can take Union for fatty liver. You are obese. Weight reduction is the first step in the treatment of fatty liver disease. Also check your blood glucose levels as diabetes is also a common cause of fatty liver. I hope that answers your query. Regards.

input: I am having severe pain in the lower foot particularly in one central place and  a doctor   diagonised as a corn foot and he opened took some dead  cells and closed .but i am getting the same pain at the same place.I am having this problem for the past 9 months.what is the remedy and which doctor i have to approach in bangalore
output: Hicorn in the foot is a recurrent problem. Pain is due to the involvement of small nerve endings with the corn. Cryocautery or chemical cautery is the treatment of choice please visit a dermatologist, he is the ultimate person to solve your problem take care

input: 18 month old boy has a recurring dry cough, mainly at night. It will last 3-4 days then loosen and disappear only to return about 5-7 days later. I have tried everything including vaporizers, humidifiers, vaporub, glycerin and honey etc. What could this be?!
output: Hi Dear Welcome to the ChatDoctorRecurrent respiratory tract infections are quite common, But only 6 to 12 episodes a year are ok, not more than that. Inadequately or /partially treated case may many times present like this. Such child Chat Doctor.  All the prescribed 

input: I am getting frustrated w/ my doctor. I have Hep C so he blames all problems on that. I have had a hysterectomy and now have terrible hot flashes but because I am a smoke he will not give me anything for that. I have a dozen nodules in/on my thyroid but my blood levels are in the high side of normal so I do not take a thyroid medicine. I have fybromalgia that I take gabapentin and tramadol for. For well over a year now I have been having these episodes where I become very hot, shaky, nauseous, and feel like I am going to pass out. They are getting worse. I am having severe headaches. They say I am not diabetic. Twice in the last 3 weeks it has felt like someone flipped me sideways and I have about fallen. It only happens for a few seconds. I am becoming very frightened by all of this. I have a doctor appt. tomorrow. But I don t know if he will listen to me
output: Thanks for your query at ChatDoctorAccording to your history you have undergone hysterectomy that could be a possible cause of your hot flushes, etc. You seem to be having some hormonal problem. You must visit a gynecologist and get investigated for hormonal tests. Furthermore, you might need hormone replacement therapy. I would like to add Chat Doctor.  But you get you viral title done at 6 monthly basis and regular follow up. Can you guide me on your prior treatment? Take care!

input: want to know about merits and demerits of medicine called gemcal my younger brother who is now 11 years old is marked to be suffering with a disease called dmd he take this medicine with one more medicine called wyeth now he has become more fat than before and is having weight 47 . plz help
output: Hi, Thanks and welcome to Chat Doctor. Gemcal is a calcium preparation. Wyeth is not a medicine it is companies name. Chil Chat Doctor. Hope this answer serves your purpose.Further, queries invited.

input: Hi I have just been diagnosed with gallstones and awaiting an op. When I sneeze I get a very sharp stabbing pain in my lower Left hand side of the abdomen that travels 2 inches towards my belly button and then goes off . Is this likely to be part of my gallbladder problem or something else
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor ... You have abdominal pain while sneezing ... Yes it could be by gall stone ... Here second possibility could be muscular strain also.... Avoid strenuous activity for it... Heavy weight lifting avoided. Take proper sleep posture while sleeping...If you need for pain simple analgesic can be taken... If your gall stone small and single then Adlio tablet that is made up of ursodeoxycholic acid can be taken that help in dissolving cholesterol in bile...Meanwhile, take low fat diet...fruits more... Take care... Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I have lost my voice for about 2 months now it was getting better and then it came on again last week. I have not removed my wisdom teeth but they are now growing in, im 40 could you tell me what it might be and if my wisdom teeth have anthing to do with it
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Wisdom tooth eruption usually doesn't cause any voice loss. If I were your treating dentist, I would advise you to visit your ENT surgeon to check for the cause of voice loss. It can be due to various causes like laryngitis, pharyngitis, goiter and many other conditions. Hope this was useful. Thanks and regards.

input: hi i m 25 years old male and i m having problem with my hair as my hair suffer a substantial loss in the frontal and anterior over the last year when i consulted with a doctor she prescribe me with morr F solution and curlzvit tablet plz let me know the effectiveness of these medicine and their side effects. thanks
output: Hello, It may be used for hairless. It will work by increasing the blood supply to the scalp or affected area. Possible side effects are: 1. Dermatitis.2. Excessive hair growth on face.3. Headache.4. Itching. Culprit is a multivitamin tablet may be useful to avoid the hair fall. So I think I answered your questions still have queries please feel free to ask. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: My resting heart rate at the doctors office today was 132.  I have narcolepsy and am on Adderall XR 30mg bid and Adderall IR 10mg tablets 2-4 times daily for afternoon sleepiness.  My blood pressure was normal 120/77.  Should I be concerned about my heart rate?  The last time I was in the office it was 110 just sitting in his office.
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that your resting heart rate values are a little high, but they can be related to Adderall IR adverse effects (it is known to increase the heart rate by stimulating the sympathetic nervous system). As your blood pressure values are normal, the situation does not seem to be really concerning. But, I would recommend performing some other tests to be sure that everything is OK: - an ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring to examine your heart rate values for a prolonged time-complete blood count for anemia-thyroid hormone levels for thyroid dysfunction- blood electrolytes for electrolyte imbalance. If all these tests result normal, there is nothing to worry about. If your heart rate is persistently high, I would recommend discussing with your doctor on the possibility of reducing the dose of Adderall. Hope to have been helpful! Wishing good health, 

input: My blood pressure has been low for the last month. 88/58. Now I just noticed 2 marble size lumps on the side of my neck. I had a fever earlier in the week and problems with allergies. Lost 55 pounds recently and lowered salt intake. Nor sure if all is related.
output: CLUMPS IN THE NECK CAN BE A INDICATOR OF INFECTION OR IT CAN BE ANYTHING SERIOUS LIKE CARCINOMA(cancer)sides of the neck has many nodes called as lymph node, its function is to trap any infectious agent in the body, swelling in lymph node indicates that there are infectious agents in body, as your lymph nodes are trapping those infectious agents, the size is increasing however in some case swollen nodes are an indicator of carcinoma its very possible that these enlarged nodes are pressing the vagus nerve which passes in the vicinity, vagus plays an imp role in maintaining blood pressure, increased pressure on vagus can lower the BP due to overstimulationbut a fever is indicative of ongoing infection would suggest you total leukocyte countdiffrential leukocyte count complete blood count test to rule out any ongoing infection if its normal then a Fine needle aspiration cytology of enlarged nodes should be done to rule out carcinoma

input: My fiancee had a stint put in after her gallbladder surgery. Today we had the stint removed at 1pm, we ate lunch (she had a small steak with a sweet potato), and she felt fine until 630pm where she started to experience a chill. She does not have a temperature but is still experiencing chills. Should I monitor her temperature to see if she has a fever , give her a Motrin, or take her to the hospital. Friends have recommended giving her a tylenol and watch to see if she gets a fever.
output: Hi, you have got removed the CBD stent. Why was this put?was it cholecystitis/cholelithiasis/common bile duct stone. When CBD stent was removed was there any infection found like pus discharge. I feel she needs to be given antibiotics which covers both aerobic and anaerobic organisms for 5-7 days. Talk to your physician/gastroenterologist. All the very best.

input: I m very terrified. I just noticed a very dark purple almost black lump in the back of my mouth about half an inch or so after my moler. Causes no pain unless messed with. WHAT IS IT?! Is it deadly?! Can I cure it at home?! Please say yes! WHY IS IT THERE PLEASE HELP!!!
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint a dark purple lump next to molar tooth can be due to a dilated vein also known as Varicose vein or a Varix. The lump might be due to formation of a small blood clot that got lodged in that area forming a Thrombus. It is not AA serious condition and will not cause any serious problem. It can gradually reduce in size on its own. If it is not ruled out as the cause other causes can be like mucous cyst or Muscle, Hematoma or a Hematoma. Confirmation can be done by getting a clinical evaluation done by an Oral Physician or an Oral Surgeon. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I HAVE INFLAMATION IN MY TEMPORAL BONE, LOADS OF PRESSURE IN EARAND CONSTANT RINGING. I ALSO HAVE A BALANCE PROBLEM. I HAVE TRIED SCOPE PATCHES AND THINGS FOR DIZZINESS. THE ENT IS PUTTING ME ON WATER PILL AND OFF CAFFEINE, HE SAYS IF THIS DOSNT WORK HE CAN DO SURG. AND DRILL THE INSIDE OF BONE OUT. HOWEVER HE SAYS THIS WILL NOT HEAL ME IT WILL ONLY BE PREVENTING THIS FROM GOING TO MY BRAIN AND CAUSING HEARING LOSS. IS THERE SOMETHING ELSE I CAN DO?
output: Hello, It is necessary to treat the infection or inflammation. But, sometimes there are many progressive disorders that can lead to loss of hearing. For this reason, you should consult with your ENT specialist in order to make the proper treatment decisions, in order to prevent this situation from aggravating. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have been experiencing hip pain/upper thigh pain that was intermittent and now is consistent.  It is more of a burning type pain.  The pain disrupts sleep and is painful while sitting still. I am a 53yr old female, 175lbs.  Last year  blood work shows my white blood cell count to be slightly elevated but I have seen a oncologist who didnt find anything.  I also have been very tired and have been getting frequent headaches.  I was recently diagnosed with a autoimmune disease Vitilago.  I have seen a dermatalgist and endocrinologist.  No one has any answer.  Where do I go now?
output: Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Hip and upper thigh pain which is of burning nature and is occurring more in sitting position especially in obese individuals (as in your case) is suggestive of NEURALGIA PARENTHETICAL. This condition results due to the compression of Lateral femoral cutaneous nerve (pinched nerve) at the level of groin fold. A few conservative measures which are effective in treating this condition includes - wearing loose clothing (avoiding tightness at the level of the waist and groin fold), Losing weight, taking OTC pain relievers such as acetaminophen (Tylenol) ibuprofen (Advil) or aspirin, Physical therapy to strengthen the muscles of the legs and buttocks etc. Other causes arising from the Hip joint are also to be excluded by having X-rays and MRI scans, which may also present with similar picture. So, I suggest you to consult an orthopedic surgeon for a detailed clinical examination and further management. Hope this information is helpful. Good day

input: i have had a m.s. diagnosis since 2007, 29 year oldfemale, also have celiacs and follow gluten free diet, current meds include baclofen, xanax , adderall , tons of vitamins ... my problem..since august 5 i have been experiencing ride sided abdominal pain near my naval it feels hard there too , dull pain , sometimes sharp, went to the dr, got an xray , he said i was really backed up, took fiber pills and miralax, ive had a few stools pass, still not going everyday which i usually do, when i did go yesterday there was undigested food in my stools, which were sort of greenish, i could see whole peas, and beans, and what looked like an undigested chip as well, ive had some blood in my stool a few times over the last month and sometimes a week of feeling like i constantly have to go to the bathroom, had blood work done my red and white blood levels were a little lower than normal, when i had my colonoscopy 5 years ago i was suffering from proctitis, my dr keeps writing me off but i know my body and i know somethings wrong.....help constant right sided abdominal pain , should i go for an ultrasound or ask to be referred to a GI?
output: For abdominal pain take tablet Attract thrice daily after food. Also do USG of whole abdomen. T. Decolic twice daily after food may also help. Syr Machine gel 2tsf thrice daily before food. Also do blood for CBC and Regards and take care

input: my wife is having pain abdomen left side below ribs and a diagnosis has already been made of renal colic, inj. Voveron, inj tramadol been given, after some time inj fortwin and phenargon is also given but pain is not subsiding, also my wife has six month pregnancy kindly advise.
output: At 6 months of pregnancy, it is not advisable to remove stone. It will be taken care after delivery. Meanwhile, if she gets severe pain, along with the medications you mentioned, in Tuscan is useful. All the best. If you have any questions feel free to contact me.

input: Hi, my bf is experiencing syomach & adominal pains, lower back pains, pennis & balls hurt, anus hurts, trouble getting hard. He doesnt wanna move cause its that painful & this all occured after we had sex. What could be the cause & how can we make it stop for now until can see a doctor
output: Hello appreciate your concern for your boyfriend. Looking at your description this might be related to inflammation due to infection or injury during sexing my opinion you should ask him to have plenty of fluids with glucose water and fruits juices if he is not diabetic. You can also give him ibuprofen with pantoprazole for symptomatic reliefs him to take rest until he recovers fully Hope this answers your question please feel free to ask for further clarification I will.be happy to help you Best wishes

input: ahm. hi doc. exercise is good for eosinophils or not and what is the best easy way to treat this sickness. this eosinophils is a threat of human health. I m just experiencing it right now but I doesn t feel anything or something wrong in my health can you please advised me ..
output: Tithe first think to do is to discover the cause of elevated eosinophils because there are a lot of conditions that may cause it and then will be the treatment. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello im a 36 year old female and two months ago, ive been starting to have a lot of dizziness everyday and i feel tired all the time. even when im in bed, i feel nauseaus and dizzy. i m pretty sure im not pregnant, i excrsize regularly and i am eating right. what could be wrong?
output: Hi, First, you should measure your blood pressure and if it were high, you should receive a medical treatment, take Aspirin 160 mg, decrease fat and salt intake, do Lipid profile and do an ECG and an ECHO on your heart. Second, if you take oral contraceptive pills or a hormonal replacement therapy you should ask a gynecologist for help. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a rash located at the top of my butt, in the crack, it started at the top and and is now spreading out. It is light red and very itchy. I Am three months pregnant and want to know what I can take or can not take. I can not get to the doctor until thurs. I have had horrible allergies this season and wonder if it is a reaction of some sort....please help.
output: This seems to be fungal fungus is common in allergies STO all vitamins calcium iron and other vitamins for 3 weeks apply qua Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a skiing accident that caused a hematoma on about 50% of my hip a little over 10 years ago. My hip started to bother me when I laid on it about 6 months ago. Now the pain is to the point I cannot sit for more than 15 minutes with out my hip, knee, leg, and feet aching and sometimes get a warm sensation where the hematoma was. There is still a bump on my hip where the bruise was. I also never had any procedure for the hematoma. Should I see a doctor asap or am I ok waiting for my appointment with my general doctoc?
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor, Due to blunt injury there can be hematoma collection. The bleeding that occurs result in hematoma collection. Over a period of time, as hematoma resolves it cause local skin symptoms around the hematoma. I would suggest you to apply ice and thrombhophobe ointment will help and take adequate rest. If required you may need to do blood investigation for prognosis and recovery. Take precaution to avoid infection around hematoma. If it continues to trouble I would suggest you to consult orthopaedician for further evaluation and treatment. Thank you.

input: i have chipping L5 L6 in my neck i was wondering if this could cause swelling around my neck even in the front. i am supposed to go for surgery but haven t heard from the surgeon yet. i am in a lot of pain in my arms and tingling down my arms to my finger tips.
output: Hithank-you for providing the brief history of you let me make a correction that C5-C6 comes in neck region and not L5-L6?.as you mentioned your history what I can understand is that you have pain & tingling in the arm up to the fingers.these symptoms arise due to Cervical spine disc pathology. For which I can recommend you to take physical therapy. This will help you reduce the pain and tingling sensation. Also on a later stages exercises will be introduced.in my clinical practice, I have seen many cases with similar issues and all response well to physical therapy.regards Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: My husband has a large, hard mass in the sternum. It has been there for about a year however in the past few months he has developed severe stomach pains, nausea immediately after eating and severe heart burn. His stomach constantly feels full and he spends a lot of time in the restroom. Is should also mention that about 8 years ago he was diagnosed with pre cancer of the stomach. This weekend the stomach pains were so severe that he could not get out of the bed. Could this be something serious? He is 44, 5 10 and weighs 210.
output: HI. This is definitely a serious matter as he was diagnosed to have a pre-cancerous lesion in the stomach. He needs upper GI Endoscopy. The mass on the sternum is not related. I would advise for this HERD like symptoms the following: Santa 12 hourly. Pepcid every 3 to 4 hours when on empty stomach. Add Risperidone or such motility regulators. Soft bland diet. No aerated colas / soda/ Chat Doctor. Early dinner. No late nights. Treatment for anxiety (as prescribed / needs a prescription by your Doctor)Lying in a reclining positional around after dinner. Think of the factors which increased the present problem, HERD, anxiety and try to avoid. If no relief, get Upper GI endoscopy done and get prescription for added Medicines. EKG for the heart n a safer side to rule out cardiac problems. This helps all my patients and should help you, hopefully.

input: I was just diagnosed with crohns desise a few months ago. Im also taking medicine for indigestion and heartburn.  a few weeks ago I started this pain in my upper left abdomen, my gastro didnt seem concerned and my family doctor said it was a pulled muscle from coughing. pain has subsided for now. Last night I was woken up to severe stomach pain/ burning sensation in the middle of my stomach and severe nausea and started sweating. I could feel my heart racing. I did throw up a little and it calmed down a little bit but am still nauseated this morning.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. You are suffering from Crowns, this is a recurrent problem and most probable be the reason or the pain in abdomen you have. It is better to get re-investigated for the fresh attack of pain, nausea, vomiting, sweating you had as there may be another problem associated. I would advise you the following:Get the blood, urine and stool test done. Standing X-ray of the abdomen and Ultrasonography. Get a course of additional medicines if advised so. Get PPI, Domperoidone, antacid. Alter the diet to suit the intestines. If required you can always take a second opinion of another Doctor or Gastroenterologist.

input: my child is taking cepodem 7th dose administered today. Also crocin ds and asthalin expectorant going on. But fever returns at 99.8. Cough sometimes loose sometimes dry persists. Nose when blown - transparent mucous comes out. How to know if cough is frm throat or chest
output: HI chil ChatDoctor. Hope it answers your query

input: my lower left back around the back of my ribs has a sharp speratic pain. it has slightly eased since the first time it was hit and injured. i was wondering if it could be a cracked rib or what it may be as it still hurts when i sit or stretch in certain ways.
output: Hellenes this may be one or more cracked ribs, or it could even be a fracture in a transverse process of a vertebraNeither of those usually requires any treatment like surgery, but it would be a good idea to see a doctor and get both rib x-rays and a spinal x-ray series

input: HelloI have right side kidney stone, what is best solution for take it out stone ? I been drinking too much water still problem with kidny stone. One and half years ago I had both side kidny stone , it is come back again. Please advise how to stop kidney stones?
output: Hello, Go for a CT scan to assess the size and location of the stone. Depending on which you can opt for various treatment options like ESL or PCNL. Consult a urologist and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I have suffered from what seemed to be RA for five years now. I was treated with methotrexate yet continued to suffer joint pain at times when having allergic reactions. I was tested by an allergy doctor and told I did not test positive to any known allergens on tests. Yet continue to have knee joint pain and itchy tattoos that turn bumpy throughout the year. On and off. I discontinued Methotrexate treatment and I went on a hunch and was treated for Lyme disease. I am around rescue dogs as a hobby not all the time. I got better and was able to walk again. However now I find whenever I have allergic reactions itchy tattoos sinus issues my knees become painful again. Any ideas? Tatto related?
output: Hello, I can understand your concern for side effects of tattoos. After analyzing your query it appears that you are quite stressed regarding the tattoos and its side effects. Though in general if the tattoos are made in sterile procedure then there is no any harm of the same but in case if the tattoos are carved by unsterile needle or is made with infected needle then can transmit multiple infections. Temporarily it can cause secondary infection and later on the tattoos can cause permanent darkening of the skin which is actually difficult to be managed. You can take further guidance from a family physician. Take care.

input: Hi, my 79yo mother noticed a lump in her neck on the left side, mid jaw line, extending from just below the jaw to the middle of her neck.  It is soft, no pain.  She has been running a low grade fever and has been very tired.  The doctor ordered a ultrasound which was inconclusive and sent her to a surgeon.  She is getting a CT tomorrow as the ultrasound showed a nodule on the right and a mass on the left.  The surgeon said whatever it is it needs to come out.  What are they suspecting?She does not smoke or drink, has a history of atrial fib and was on amiodarone until her doctor discontinued it 2 months ago due to high liver studies.  she is now on only beta blockers.  Her thyroid studies at her last physical 6 months ago were normal.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, your mother is mostly suffering from thyroid cancer. Her CT report clearly mentioned left sided mass and right sided nodule. So possibility of papillary thyroid cancer is more. Old age is an independent risk factor. It is usually painless and present only as enlarged mass in the neck. So better to get done fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) for the confirmation of papillary thyroid cancer. Consult oncologist and plan future treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.

input: hi, i am a 22 years, male, my problem is somewhat psychological -i guess-the thing is since I ve been a fresh grad( a few months ago) i can t determine my goals, i find it really hard to study for my masters actually am not studying at all (instead of being a top student), which is really frustrating me. also i tend to be extremely lazy, could reach high anger levels if irritated (i am supposed to be a very calm and quite person) and sleepy. what should i do to get over this and get back to my life that I ve really enjoyed note: i drink about two cups of coffee a day max and i tend to sleep at 4:00 am every day if not after that.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. There is apparently no organic problem in you. It is just that you need a strong motivation to start reading. No psychiatrist will be able to help you here. You have to get into a group which is preparing for the exams and be a part of the competition, only then you will be able to read well. Wish you the best.

input: Yes i am just curious about something? can something wrong with a kidney cause a Rash over your entire body My husband lost a kidney to cancer and has one remaining but what there indicating to me is the kidney is progressively declining and i was wundering if this rash is part of it? or what could it be? I need help and answers thank you so much
output: Hi thanks for writings, advanced kidney dysfunction can cause itching and rash in a lot of patients. Although please look for any allergies if the kidney dysfunction is not severe. Some Chat Doctor. You can write back with your queries.

input: since i made a fall last year i hVE RECOVERED HOWEVER/ FOR THEPAST MONTH IT STARTED WITH MY TOES GOING NUMB and now it feels like IT IS TRAVELING UP TO MY ANKLES. AM ON VARIOUS MEDS MEDS FROM MY G P BUT THIS NEW ONE IS DRIVING ME CRAZy i can NO LONGER WALK WO A WALKER nEED HELP IN ORDER TO WASH AND DRESS LET ALONE KEEPING HOUSE AND DRIVING MY CAR ID THEREANYTHING I CAN DI TOI HELP ME OR WILL THIS GET WORSE UNTIL IT KILLS ME THANKS. AUDREY
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. Numbness in the toes indicate that there is some sort of neurological disturbance (impaired conduction of nerve impulse) in the involved nerves. This may result due to compression of the nerve at some level during its course or may also result due to some systemic diseases. A detailed clinical examination and few investigations like EMG & Nerve conduction studies are needed to establish a correct diagnosis of your problem. I suggest you to consult a Neurophysician and follow the advice. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Hi sir!I am sekhar and 33 years of age.I have a pimple in my head of penis and a hard lump in my groin area since last 10 months.Recently i have examined those by 2 doctors(surgeon) and they told me that the lump is a cyst and it is now too tiny to remove.Sometimes i feel slite pain(rather irritation) from the lump but the pimple is painless.what should i do?
output: Hello, It would be of great help if you could share the picture of your cyst so that I can comment over its treatment.  Cysts are usually fat deposits below the skin or a clogged hair follicle. If its causing pain go and see your doctor again to see if It's infected or not and get your treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a complete hysterectomy 8 yrs ago. I WAS PUT ON A NUMBER of ssrs and finally found Prozac to work. I was put on Xanax for anziety. having more issues with panick attacks due to high stress last year. dr is talking mood stabilizer oxcarbazepine. will that help
output: ! If your diagnosis is just anxiety disorder and not bipolar disorder, then oxecarbazepien will be best avoided.  There is many milder and better molecules which can help you and will not require many dosage level monitoring (like oxecarbazepien). You may go for venlafaxine or paroxetine, or combination with Aquitaine. These all are good at handling anxiety and panic attacks. Your doctor will know about them. Hope this helps you please feel free to ask more questions for clarification

input: I feel I have extremely painful spasms in my right leg, groin and soreness in the upper hip right side. I get numbness in both legs if I stand in one place a long time. Cannot sit for more than 5-10 minutes because I start to get pain in the rightleg.....when I get up I cannot move or bear weight on my right leg/foot. It started as 30 sec. and now can go to 10 minutes of horrible spasms from the groin all around my leg......what is it?
output: Hello, As a first step you can take analgesics like Paracetamol or Tramadol for pain relief. If symptoms persist you can consult an orthopaedician and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Take care 

input: HI,Myself Balaji, my mom is admitted in hospital due to reduction of wbc count. She is treated for Rheumatoid arthretis and we suspect that it could be the side affects of rheumatoid medication. In recent test, It was found 760 wbc counts. Bone marrow test was conducted yesterday and we are waiting for the results. What is the next step? when will the blood count increase again?
output: Hi, Sorry to hear about your mother. Low WBC count could be due medicines like methotrexate given for rheumatoid arthritis. It could also be related to disease itself. Does she have any spleen enlargement? It usually takes a few weeks for the counts to recover. Till then, they would give her prophylactic medicines to prevent infections.

input: My boyfriend was punched a few times in the stomach about 3 days ago during a fight and he began having severe upper stomach pains 2 days later. He describes the pain as 2 knives stabbing him. He refuses to go to the E.R. so, I gave him a couple of Tylenol and he went to bed. The pain comes and goes in a 1-2 minute intervals and only lasts less than a minute. Is this pain a sign of internal damage and is there anything, other than Tylenol, that I can do for him at home?
output: Hi. Do nothing at home. The blunt injury causing such pain can very well indicate an internal problem with organs or bleeding or tear or so. Give him nothing orally. He needs to be investigated urgently to rule out serious problem.

input: My mom (55yrs old) has low platelets count from one year consistently.We consulted with local physician but now he says to go some other doctor as he is not able to tell the reason. Also my mom is high blood pressure patient too... Please tell me what to do and where to consult ...
output: Hi, Looking at the history and the presenting problem, few queries, I need answers with.1. How much is the platelet count?2. What clinical features are seen? Any Bleeding symptoms3. Are you suffering from any chronic diseases?4. What medications are you on?5. Investigation reports. Control the blood pressure with usual treatment. Do answer the above queries, and I will try to help again.

input: I am experiencing server pain from my crotch to my feet. I ve had a triple by pass in the past. In the last 6months I ve had swelling and extreme pain throughout both legs. The pain often brings me to tears. What caI do to comfort my legs until I see the doctor on Monday. I need relief.
output: Hi, It's likely a sciatica.  You're It D level, x lumbar spine AP/ Lat view and further may need MRI if x-rays are not informative. The treatment for this is physiotherapy to release the nerve compression so may visit the nearby physiotherapist. Till the time you can have tabbed Neuronion forte once a day which is a nerve vitamin and Diclofenac/Ibuprofen. Also, you should get nerve stabilizer prescribed like Tab Pregabalin will stabilize the nerve and reduce pain. Etc. You need to visit orthopedic for all these investigations. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi, I got a flu shot a couple days ago. For a few days my arm was very sore (that s usual, I know) but then three days ago I realized my pain moved up to the base of my neck where I know feel a lump under my skin. Is that normal or should I seek Medical Attention for it? If it is normal, how many days do you usually keep it?
output: Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. Your symptoms seem to be related to a side effect of the shot. I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the pain. I also suggest using cold compresses for local application. The symptoms may last for a few days. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor. 

input: I have had elevated AST / ALT levels (twice the high end of normal), low Alk. Phosphate , low sodium. Ultrasound clear, so was MRI, but trace amounts of ascites and two cysts found on liver. Tested for Hep. A, B, C, all clear. I do not have celiac but I think I have food intolerances to high fiber foods and have bad flatulence when I eat those things. Otherwise, pretty asymptomatic. What could be the problem? I hope I am not in the beginning stages of liver disease.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for the query. Well, ascites indicates some significant liver disease, and you should try to find the exact cause which can be some autoimmune disorder, congenital liver disease, certain infections or metabolic diseases. You should do liver biopsy to rule this out.  Wish you good health. Regards

input: hi, i just consulted a cosmectic surgeon and she recommended a cosmelan peeling bcoz i hav got acne type skin along wth break outs pigmentation and marks, n small acnes on forehead, my skin is almost damaged.......is this a good suggestion to go for cosmelan surgery????
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor, cosmelan peel is very effective for hyperpigmentation. Its results are good, but it should be applied to the skin by dermatologist. Peel is washed at home after wearing the mask for hours. After washing another cream is applied at home by patient itself. Hope this will help you. Thanks

input: my baby is 6 months and has a red rash behind his ears and redish eyelids, he is more tired than usual. Noticed the rash 24hrs ago and now it has spread over his back of his head and little on his cheeks and under his chin. It is red slightly raised, does go when you add pressure thrrough the glass test - He is very alert and responsive and no change in himself, Nappies are normal and no vomitting. temp 36.4. Any ideas or help you can give Dr is helpful.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Hello , i wanted to ask if this medicine good for flu + fever cough cold . ( Neoclav 625mg ) i used 2 pills and i dont feel its usefull . to let u know i am 20 years old female and i have high bloodpreassure . i have flu and that makes my blood pressure goes too high because i cant breath well . i cant use nose sprea cuz it has salt in it which it effect my bloodpressure . also am not sure which medicine is good for me to use .
output: See, antibiotics are not meant for symptomatic relief. They are used to treat the infection and in case of viral infection, they prevent the secondary infection. One should take antihistamines, paracetamol (a cough syrup if suffering from cough) as well. And also, antibiotics works when their course is completed, say for 3 days (i.e. 6 tablets) or 5 days (i.e. 10 tablets)

input: I had a knee replacement almost two years ago and everything is fine with the knee, but now when I stand for prolonged time periods, my whole leg gets numb and then my knees give out. What could this be? I am a diabetic as well. YYYY@YYYY
output: This is either diabetic neuropathy or sciatica from back injury (disc or spondylitis) I recommend you do a lumber MRI Good Luck

input: 6 year old male diagnosed with high lead levels. has been treated with chelation intramuscularly and then with the medication given by mouth. level receded to high normal level for one month. current blood test shows a significant elevation and the chelation medication is to be started again this evening. are there any other suggestions that you can make as far as treatment to permanently diminish this problem to a safe level. surroundings, toys, etc. have all been tested and show no lead content that is harmful.
output: Thanks for your query on ChatDoctorFrom history its seems this child is having chronic lead exposure and lead toxicity. Its treatment include 1. Identification of source of exposure. It may be due to eating soil, paint, some herbal remedies etc.2. Behavioral modification to reduce non-nutritive eating habits.3. Dietary counselings to insure sufficient intake of essential elements calcium and iron.4. Chelation therapy to decrease lead level Hope this information will help. For more queries you may contact me at this site. Regards- Chat Doctor. 

input: Today, my daughter s teacher told my husband and i that she realize that my daughter has been passing water frequently at school. I have not realize it at home, but however, i remember she going to the bathroom frequently when we were at church often. My daughter is six years old.
output: Hi, the most common cause of frequent urination in a 6-year-old child is urinary tract infection. Other cause could be Diabetes mellitus. You should do urine routine microscopy test and urine culture test and blood sugar levels. Based on reports, treatment for urinary tract infection or diabetes needs to be started. Review with reports. Take care.

input: Does an ECG show up any potential heart problems. I had one last week for ectopic beats Ive been getting as a part of anxiety and it came back normal. I have had 3 in the last 8 years all normal. I had a weird sensation in my chest almost like my heart bubbled or flip flopped whilst I was vivid dreaming. Wondering whether I should be comforted by the recent ecg and its scaring me and making my anxiety worse.
output: ECG is the representation of your heart activity for that 30 seconds.  Like all test it helps us detect many problems of your heart, however like other test It's not always true. If at all you want to investigate for ectopic beats consider below. I'd the symptoms do occur every day, get a 24 hour holder.  If they are very rare once in a month or so and troublesome, an event recorder is a better investigation .  Before you embark of such a tedious job let me assure that 85% population has at some point of time in life ectopic s, however most 99% of there are benign and not relevant clinically, so you should be worried it there are no associated symptoms Regards 

input: I have been using Tobi in my Nebulizer for months. One week on and one week off. The side effect I have noticed is that texture of my hair has changed and it is falling out a little each day. My hairdresser noticed how different my hair is. Is there anything I can do?
output: Hi,welcome to ChatDoctorTobramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotics which is used to combat infection....though textural change is not a well known side effect of the Chat Doctor. . Take a protein rich diet and eat fruits and veges rich in all the vitamin and minerals... Exercise daily... Do frequent hair massage with tips of your fingers with lukewarm olive and coconut oil in equal proportion,this will increase the circulation of scalp and improve the texture of hairs too... Conditioning of hair is a must think after wash... You can opt for hair spas or use fenugreek hair mask to combat hairless... Hope this will help you.

input: I tripped and fell down my stairs a few days ago. I fell sideways and hit my lower back to the side on a step. It hurt right away, but hours later hurt much worse and sitting and laying in positions hurt much more. I ve iced it, but not much improvement. Should I go see a doctor or should I take over the counter medicine until the pain subsides?
output: You should hurry to emergency room of hospital to do some investigations like x-ray and abdominal ultrasound to exclude abdominal bleeding or injury and any bone fractures.

input: I had a closing wedge osteoectomy 3 months ago. I was recently allowed to put full weight on that foot. I woke up one morning with a sharp shooting pain on the inside of my knee on that leg. Every time I cough it sends a very sharp intense pain down my knee What can be going on?
output: Hello, Most probably it will be a neuropathic pain. As of now you can take Chat Doctor.  If symptoms persists better to consult an orthopedic and plan for an MRI scan. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hi, My mom had grade II breast cancer and every thing is completed including chemo and radiotherapy. Now she is having vitamin D deficiency. Doctor is recommending vit D injections. Is it okay to take those injections because i heard injections are painful and have side effects apart from its cost.Thank you
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  She had breast cancer. She completed the treatment.  But if she has vitamin D deficiency then she should take vitamin D supplements.  Because low level can lead to weakened bone. So go for vitamin D level once and then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I have an ALT (SGPT) of 61, but my other Lever function tests are within normal ranges. Should I be concerned, or is my old physician right that it is no big deal? He is significantly older and seeming dismissive in general since I don t look sick.
output: Thanks for posting your concern on Chat Doctor! I appreciate your concern towards the high ALT (SGPT) level. Age, gender, problem for which ALT is advised, and its duration, alcohol intake if any are not mentioned. Normal Adult Range for ALT : 0 - 48 U/Therefore, ALT in your case is slightly elevated. So, as your old physician suggested you need not have to worry about it. You need to have some lifestyle modifications to reduce the level of ALT. Daily physical exercise, eat healthy balanced diet preferably fresh fruits and vegetables which contain several anti-oxidants that help in reducing the ALT, AVOID ALCOHOL if any, avoid fatty vegan and non-vegan meals, fast junk foods, take plenty of oral fluids. INSA Allah, in due course of time your ALT will be normal. Wishing you best of your health.

input: I have sharp, excruciating pain in my lower left side of my mouth from a bad tooth. Its the 2nd one from the back. It has a cavity in it. I had tried various home remedies to be rid of it, and nothing works. My funds are all but nothing, so I am worried a dentist may not help me....What can I do?
output: Thanks for your query. I have gone through your query. The pain could be because of the infection in the root tip of the tooth. The home remedies will not help. We have to treat the cause by treating the tooth with root canal treatment or extraction. Consult your oral physician and get radiograph done and start with the treatment. You can take a course of antibiotics and analgesics like penicillin and diclofenac(if you are not allergic). I hope my answer will help you. Take care.

input: HI I have depression from last 5 year. I am not able to find a job for me. Whenever I feel that I should get a job and apply for it I feel stressed out and I never apply for it. I feel traped,low sad and in fear whenever I think of applying for a job and feel that its not possible for me to attend an interview. Also I have sleep problems. I hardly get any sleep at night. Its sleepless nights and in the early morning I get a sleep of 5-6 hours. For this I have consulted a doctor and he has given me depran forte at night and I am using it since last 3 years. I get sleep almost at 3a.m. at night and wake up at 12 a.m. In morning. I take medicine at night around 9 p.m. although I have taken this medicine for 3 years I have not been able to apply for job until now as I still feel fear and I feel I cannot do it. Why is that the case still when I am taking medicine from last 3 years. Help me on this please.
output: I guess the dose of medicine is not enough for you. I wonder why your doctor did not increase the dose. Also I prefer using Escitalopram and clonazepam as separate medicine not as combination like you are taking. Escitalopram is the main medicine which will help you to get rid of all depressive symptoms including decreased sleep, fatigue,low mood etc. clonazepam should be used for only initial phase of treatment when restoration of sleep and decreasing anxiety are preferred goals. Onces Escitalopram starts showing its effect. Clonazepam should be tapered and stopped. As long term use of clonazepam may decrease your thought process. Hope this would help you

input: i started having pain on lower side of right buttock  about 2 wks ago. It is very uncomfortable to walk, sit. It feels like when u sit on a hard surface for a long period of time.. At times it throbs/pulsates and VERY  painful, then just a constant uncomfortable pain. When I try to find the area that the pain is in, all I feel is the bone. It is hard to pinpoint exactly where it is.. I just need to see if I can get some answers or possiblities of what it might be... as a footnote, last August, they found a large mass in my left ovary, It was high risk of being cancerous at that time. When they removed it, I had abnormal cells, on the border.. the biopsy showed no cancer thank goodness... I do work 5 days a wk. standing and walking.... if you can help, i would appreciate it. thank you. Lynda
output: Held Linda hope you are fine Linda it seems to be some abscess in your buttock but concealed since u say it's too painful...take antibiotics after consultation .take hot fomentation try to give rest to your body too ,FET done your x.ray and serum calcium levels ,,,stay blessed

input: dear sir, Since I am having a minor problem regarding epilepcy, I am taking tablets Like xenoxa400, Oleptol DT 400mg, and Zeptol CR 400mg for the past 9 nine years at different stages. I am taking tablets now Zeptol CR 400mg and Lobazam 10mg for the past of 5 years. Now I am going to get married. In connection with this will it be any problem doing sex with my wife or any other side effects regarding this tablet. My age is now 28. Please help me......
output: Hi, Lobazam (cloacae) is very rarely associated erectile dysfunction; the most common side effect is Chat Doctor.  Septal (carbamazepine) has been associated with decreased libido and erectile dysfunction since this 

input: I found a hard peanut shaped lump on my bikini area on the left side. There is no raised point and it doesnt seem like an ingrown hair. It feels tender to the touch and has a general red appearence. I have tried squeezing it and it hurts too much. Any thoughts?
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorDont squeeze it. Mostly it is skin infection or hair follicle infection or rarely infection in lymph node. Any of the case you need antibiotics like Tablet Augmenting 625 mg twice a day for 5 days. Show it to a surgeon once to rule out abscess that is pus formation as it requires surgical Chat Doctor. Regards

input: I have a male friend who is 30 and has borderline personality disorder and borderline intellectual functioning who swallows spoons and pens when he is depressed, I m afriad that when he notices that I m concerned that I am reinforcing his self-multilating behavior can this be true?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. borderline personality disorder guys do not trust others. In this case, please stop watching him directly. He needs medical treatment immediately. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: A friends family dog bit my daughters top lip today. It bled for less than a minute. I immeadiatly applied pressure with an ice pack and applied antibiotic ointment. It doesnt look deep at all. Lip is swollen. Dog is up to date on all vaccinations and rabies. Should I do something else?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Rabies is 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment and this is transmitted by dog bite. As your daughter was bitten by a vaccinated dog over the lip which has led to bleeding from the site, according to WHO it is categorized into Cat III. Even it is a vaccinated dog you need to doubly check whether it is properly and completely vaccinated, because the bite is on the lip which is closer to the brain and the virus can ascend easily and reach the brain and can affect it. So I would suggest you to take 1. Active immunization with antirabies vaccine on days 0,3,7,14 and 28.2. Passive immunization with Rigs around the wound.3. Oral antibiotic like Tab Augmenting, twice daily4. Topical Tract ointment.Don't take any risk with this disease, I would suggest your daughter to take aforementioned treatment. Thank you.

input: Hello dr,My husmand has an autoimmune disease (arthritis) and he is on prezolon 2o mg per day from february 2013.  We are trying to conceive, does prezonolon have side effects on his sperm? He controlled his sperm last year and it was normal(count 60mil/ml, total number of mot.sperm. the 1st hour 30,6 mil/ml, total motility 1st hour 51%, totaal count 90mil, normal morphology 17 % (normal:  more than 14%) .He should control his sperm again or there is no need to do that?  How much does prezolon coyl affect his sperm? We will be able to conceive? Than you very much for your attention
output: Hi, Thanks for your query.  Your partner is on Preston since Feb., because it's a steroid and study shows that it affect sperm count.  In semen analysis motility should be more than 60%,analysis varies from lab to lab.  I think you should consult a doctor for provolone use, because it affects sperm count.  You are able to conceive with under supervision of a doctor.  So don't worry.  Take care.

input: hi! i have painful skin flushing, fatigue, joint pain, normal temp 97.8. headache. mouth & throat hotness. slightly enlarged thyroid. starting depression, wt gain, thinning brittle hair. heart palpitations. but my tsh is 1.77. i also get light headed & am having trouble with my memory. having a thyroid/neck ultrasound friday.
output: Thanks for your question, take painkiller for joint pain, review with thyroid reports, weight gain may be due to thyroid problem, also send t3 t4 reports, thanks

input: Sir , i have a problum,  i am 23 age young ,, i strated on masturbate up to 16 th age, now my masturbite timing maxmum 2 minuts ,so what i do sir , i want to increas timing sir bcoz i am getting married after few month ,i am worried about the sex may be wife cant satisfide my sex, so pleas advise me ..
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. Premature ejaculation is uncontrolled ejaculation either before or shortly after sexual penetration. It happens with minimal sexual stimulation and before the person wishes. Most cases of premature ejaculation do not have a clear cause. With sexual experience and age, men often learn to delay orgasm. Premature ejaculation may occur with a new partner. It may happen only in certain sexual situations or if it has been a long time since the last ejaculation. Psychological factors such as anxiety, guilt, or depression can also cause it. In some cases, it may be related to a medical cause such as hormonal problems, injury, or a side effect of certain medicines. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: Okay so my wisdom teeth are growing in and one of them hurts a lot. I have to get them removed but in the mean time I got this lump under my chin near my jaw line. Its almost directly under my hurting wisdom tooth I was wondering if that normal or something else is wrong. Its pretty painful
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, Yes this could be because of the impacted wisdom tooth. I would suggest you to consult to an Oral surgeon get a thorough checkup done take an OPG radiograph and plan for the removal of tooth. Take a course of antibiotics and analgesics. At home take lukewarm saline rinses and antiseptic mouthwash gargles. Take care!

input: hi, i had right side groin pain from last 8 months, it aggravates during periods, it refers to back ,thigh even my upper abdomen gets involved and feeling of gastritis and flatulance and wind like feeling from umblicus to anus, and i got married 3 mnce back and i got pain in the right side during intercourse, sometimes sharp pain felt during urination on the same side,my condition is worsoning day by day my pain during periods is such that i have to take injections and pain killers afterwards lower abdominalk pain subsides bt pain in upper abdomen from epigastric region to umblicus increases and rests about a week feeling of heaviness and vomitting like feeling occurs...we are taking precautions during sexual intercourse
output: Hi, You need to a thorough check-up. First an ultrasound is needed along with a pap smear.Also, a urine test and some basic blood tests are required. Start yourself on some antacids like tab pantoprazole twice a day before meals. An ultrasound is very important to look for a pathology like fibroid, cyst etc.

input: I saw a white flake in my pubic area and there are a bunch of bumps around the base of my penis and all round my ball sack. My my ball sack is reddish pink skin. Every now and then i would need to itch and itch the area near my buttcrack. They were really white flakes, and I saw them near the tip of a few of my pubic hairs.Im just wondering could it be crabs, or lice, or scabies.
output: Hi, thank you for asking Chat Doctor. With this presentation, I think it is scabies. You may try Permethrin cream, lineage cream or benzyl benzoate solution. In addition to this treatment, you also need to some antihistamine for itches and sterilize your Chat Doctor.  I hope that answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. We will be delighted to answer more questions from you. I wish you good health

input: i am 23 years old.is there any possibilty of hieght increment by acupuncture therapy i am 23 years old.is this possible to grow height by acupuncture therapy
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor !!well I am sorry to disappoint you but the age at which height increment stops is 18-20 years after which all the secondary centers in the bones are fused so to answer your question no acupuncture or any other method cannot increase your height at the age of 23.take care.

input: im 32 weeks pregnant and yesterday during a sonogram they found a mass behind the baby s heart. what could this be? i have to have another sonogram done next week by a specialist. the heart looked fine and had a good heartbeat. but im worried because its clear that it shouldnt be there.
output: Mass behind heart may b due to a teratoma which are tumor like malformation. It may also b due to malformation in lungs. Picture will b clear after second sonography.

input: Blood tests showing neutropenia and lymphopenia? Positive for Esptein-Barr virus at Igg but negative at Igm. Symptons started 6 months ago but just got blood tests back today, Symptons have included sore throat, reoccuring infections, body aches and pains, sharp pains in glands that come and go, headaches, dizzines, hot flushes, frequent urination, fatigue, uneasiness, anxiety. I have been on around 10 courses of anti biotics in last 6 months for different things. Sore inflamed throat and aches and pains constant with fever sensation over the last few months! Advice please? Vitamins not helping much! P.s Ct scan, Cardiac assement and cystoscopy all normal in last few months.
output: Hello dear thanks a lot for your question there is no specific medicine to treat Epstein-Barr Virus Infection. Some physicians use corticosteroids to treat significant swelling in the throat or an enlarged spleen, but steroids are not needed in most people. Antiviral medications are available to help oral hairy leukoplakia, including acyclovir Oral: 400 mg orally every 8 hours for 7 to 14 days(Viral), penciclovir (Cytosine), and scarlet (Oscar). Please you can meet your local Doctor for more on to use the Chat Doctor. 

input: hi iam 18 year please tell me solution anyone cant tell me solutions i have pimples on my face that disturbed my life please tell me solution dont coment tell exat solution tablets,exercise, yoga ,pranayam,food also if possible tell solutions for ED and glow on face
output: Hello Shubham;welcome to ChatDoctorAcne are common for your age, and they increase with dirt;pollution, so first you need to clean your face with soap and water you can use Detail soap. Secondly you need to differentiate the pimples whether they are simple or big;pink and hard which are called acne rosette. If it is acne rosette then you can use ointment called Kremlin it is an ointment with antibiotic and will help treat it, but there is no complete cure as it will keep on coming till a certain age. As for food avoid excess oily and spicy food, and you should be fine. Thanks

input: Yes.  Recently, Ive had 3 blood tests showing low WBCs and some other abnormal counts.  I sometimes take pamabrom when I feel bloated.  Could this cause leukopenia and neutropenia?  Im also definitely iron-deficient/anemic and that is being treated.  The low WBCs is still a mystery, though.
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. There are many causes of low WBC count.  Even simple viral infection, typhoid, malaria can lead to low WBC count.  If you have any symptoms then consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. If you don't have any symptoms then no need to worry at all.  Your Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: good evening! doctor prescribed by Panos and vomiting Zinotsin 100 meksturu! and last week he prescribed an antibiotic still full of the infection in the nose, I do not remember what! Say no dangerous to give a child now Zinotsin 100? child 3.5 years. thank you
output: Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Zanosin 100 is ofloxacin and can be safely given to a 3 years old child. When another antibiotic is prescribed you need not continue this. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics

input: from usg report the liver appears enlarged measuring 154mm in mid clavicular line. evidence of a well defined hyperechoic SOL measuring 16.6mm in diameter in right lobe. intrahepatic billiary radicles are not dilated... the patient details... 71 years, female , height: 5ft. 6inches..... i just want to know details about the disease...whether it is malignant or it is curable....... tne way of treatment... please help me out to treat my mother......
output: Hello Enlarged liver(hepatomegaly) may be due to many reasons like hepatitis, fatty liver, tumour etc. Hepatomegaly is most likely related to mass(SOL) in your mothers case. SOL may be due to many reasons. It is due to both benign or malignant reasons. She may need few more investigations like routine hologram, random blood sugar, liver function test, renal function test, viral markers, contrast CT scan of abdomen. Contrast CT scan is most important, and it is very helpful in diagnosis and extent of lesion.FNAC/Biopsy can be done if needed. Treatment depend upon findings. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi.. my daughter is 6 months old I didn t introduce any solid food, only breastfeeding. I want to introduce her cerelac first.but I don t know which is best for her. Rice or wheat? And how many times in a day? If I give her one day cerelac, one day banana,potato, other day fruits and repeat this whole week, along with breast milk, so this will be OK for her?
output: Rice one first and just once. Gradually increase thickness and amount in 10-14 days time. Start next item from family food only. Initially only 2-3 spoons on day one. Go up to half bawl by 10 -14 days. See baby enjoys taste and its getting digested. Keep adding family foods At one year you and your daughter should be eating almost same diet.

input: Hi doctor I have lost a stone in weight over the last month, last time I had any form of sex was around 8 months ago. Pregnancy test revealed i wasnt pregnant sfter doing snout 10 of them When I eat little my stomach feels full and is extremely bloated , constant aching stomach until I lay down. What could this possibly be
output: It sounds like stomach issue. All this is caused by high acid secretion which is found in gastritis, HERD or hiatus hernia. These disorders can cause such difficulties, and you should do gastrostomy to evaluate this. Symptoms that are experienced in such conditions are pain and tightness in upper stomach, bloating, breathing difficulties, heartburn, feeling of lump and sore in throat, gurgling sound in throat, fatigue and loss of appetite. Symptoms are aggravated after meal, long sitting, leaning forward, stress and anxiety. In the beginning this is treated by changing dietary habits. You should avoid alcohol, coffee,smoking, fats and fast food, carbonated Chat Doctor.  1 hour after meal you should not sit or lay. Also lay with elevated upper body. If you are overweight you should do often exercise if overweight. Wish you good health.

input: My mom recently fell hard, hit her head and received 2 staples. The CT head/brain without contrast reads...Moderate white matter hypodensities are seen in the deep, periventricular and subcortical white matter with volume loss and old lacunar type infarcts in the basal ganglia. There is mild global volume loss. Chronic microangiopathic changes in the old lacunar type infarcts and mild global volume loss.
output: Hello, In relation to the fall that she took the CT scan doesn't show any damage due to the hit, none of those findings are related to the trauma, they were already present before she fell and hit her head. The findings are due to chronic changes in the brain matter and its blood vessels. Chronic microangiopathic changes are changes to the small blood vessels. To a point, they are genetically determined and are found in many people as they age. They are accelerated by factors affecting blood vessels such as high blood pressure, diabetes, smoking, high cholesterol etcetera. So the only thing that can be done to slow down this process is checking for the presence of those factors and ad Chat Doctor. As for the mild volume loss that means the mild shrinking of the brain. Again that is part of aging, all of us start to lose brain cells after our thirties, so as we age volume loss accumulates. So that finding depends a little on her age which you do not mention, the older she is, the more such volume loss is expected. The report speaks of mild volume loss so no reason for major concern on that regard, the blood vessel changes which I add

input: hi, i have knee pain since november. it pains while sitting and standing but no pain during walking. ccp antibody test was positive(6u/ml).i ws prescribed winflam. is this medicine beneficial? i had pain in my fingers also but not on regular basis. the knee pain is continuous.
output: Hi, i appreciate your concern.it seems you are having arthritis affecting more of your patella femoral joint, where space is seems to be reduced, this is causing you pain while sitting and standing. Since u have not mentioned your age, still there seems to be possibility of ?OA, or crystal arthropathy.i arise my such patients to change in lifestyle for daily routine activities, do not sit on knee flexed fully, rather 90/90 position even in toilet also.nowadays good medicines are available for such problems without painkillers.be in touch your or tho expert.I will be happy to answer anymore ants.

input: I have a lump or thickening in my labia majora, on the left side about level with the clitoris. It s a painful lump but seems deep in the skin, not like a cyst or a surface pimple or anything. I can t see a doctor until at least next week but maybe you can help reassure me that it might be a benign condition. It s not near the bartholin s gland.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A painful lump on the labia major could be due to boil, folliculitis etc. A clinical assessment of the lesion is required. In case the swelling is due to infectious cause, hot fomentation and antibiotic will be required to relieve the swelling. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello. My friend had fever the other day. He thought it was gone yesterday but it seems that his fever went back today. He measured it and its 39C. What can be his sickness? Before he got sick, he had an overnight shift for their school fair. Is this might be the cause? Thanks.
output: Hello, Your friend can have viral infection that causing fever. Over the counter antipyretic can be prescribed for fever. I need to know if any associated complaint present like cough, sore throat, chest pain, burning micturition etc. to comment further. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further 

input: yes.  im on clomid month 2 and last month by CD 10 i had a 13 mm dominant follice which matured and i ovulated.  this month however its cycle day 11 and i dont have any dominant follices yet.  is this normal for clomid and can i still hope to have ovulation this month? im 30
output: Hi, I think it can happen in some cycles. Sometimes follicle doesn't grow at a normal speed. So continue the scan at intervals of 2 to 3 days. If follicle doesn't grow to 17 mm by day 21, it is rare to ovulate this cycle.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards

input: Hi dr. I have undergone an Ivf treatment n have been taking porgy nova for 15 days thrice a day and now my dr. Has asked to start with susten injection 100 mg daily once for 20 days can u pls tell what side effects I can have with all these injections and medicines
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to ChatDoctor . Both the  ChatDoctor.  Both the 

input: About 2 weeks ago, the gums at the back of my teeth is really swollen. It doesn t hurt, but it s uncomfortable. Recently, about a few days ago, a teeth is starting to appear at the back, right at the swollen part. The swollen gums are not so swollen now, but it s a little bit swollen. Today, the swollen part is tearing away. The rest of the gums are still intact, but the swollen part seems to be peeling away from my teeth. Is it normal?
output: Dear friend you are right, it is natural process of teething. For recent discomfort you can USE this Rxhexidine mouthwash 2% for fifteen days twice daily, simultaneously you do warm saline rinse too am sure this will give you immediate relief also please remember to mention your age and which tooth is causing the problem. That would help me to recommend you exact treatment .that you.

input: I have been in extreme pain from a brachial plexus nerve avulsion C 7,8 ,T1,2 and spi.since 2003.  The meds Ive been taking 3600 mg.Gab, 100 mg. Methadone, 40 mg. Baclofen and 30 mg. Cymbalta cover about 50% of the pain. My Pain Specialist has been pressuring me for years for a scs implant for years and I finally agreed, however I then find out I have to wait 1 year to see the Neurosurgeon. This is suppose to be the best pain clinic in Ontario St. Josephs Hospital London Ontario. Problem is all or most of the info from people on online forms who have spinal cord stimulator implants are not as positive as the Doctors. Do any Doctors available have any direct knowledge on this subject ?
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is unfortunate that you have been suffering from neuropathic pain for more than 10 years, and various pain medications have only partially helped you. I did not see pregabalin (lyrics) in your list of medications used. If that is the case, you can give pregabalin a try, as many people improve with that. Regarding spinal cord stimulator, it is an excellent option for pain control, however, just like other pain relief measures, it succeeds only in a proportion of patients. In the best pain centers, ACS implant may succeed in only about 60-70% of people. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: How long can a person ge without knowing you have had genital warts . my husband and I have been together for 5 years and a year and a half ago my husband was told he has gernital warts. I have no sign of them. he told me that I must of gave it to him without knowing it. could that be true or did he cheat on me ?
output: Hi... HPV infection which is the cause for genital warts and the time of presentation of symptoms following infection varies among individuals. It can take a few months to years. If you do not have symptoms, you can get a PAP smear which can diagnose for the presence of infection.

input: i was just diagnosed with cervical and lumbar disc injury. Im scheduled for Bilateral lumbar Fract injections next week. im concerned about my heart due to the fact that i have a slight murmur and inflammation of the chest wall(medical term starts with a c, dont know how to spell it sorry) My question is Should I be concerned? got to the page where theres a fee for the first question. will re-ask when i have money. off work right now
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I feel there is no need to worry regarding your procedure-bilateral lumbar facet injections. Inflammation of the chest wall-do you mean cost Chen Chat Doctor.  Again, it is a minor issue and there is no need to worry. You will feel much better after the procedure. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, 

input: My husband had a ct of his chest and found there is calcified plaque within the thoracicaorta, proximal great vessels and coronary arteries, with ectasia of the ascending aorta to a diameter of 3.9 cm. Borderline enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes measure up to 11 mm short axis in the precarinal region. 10 mm short axis inferior the left mainstem bronchus and 11 mm posterior the right atrium. There is a lobulated masslike consolidation in the anterior right lung apex measuring up to 5.0X2.9X1.8 cm in maximal dimention. There is a 7mm subpleural lateral right middle lobe nodule and additional tiny subpleural nodule is present. Can you tell me what they are saying in laymen s terms?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. I have gone through the CT report you have mentioned. This report suggests that your husband is having lung infection. He is having right upper zone consolidation (pneumonia). So give him antibiotics and get done repeat chest x-ray to rule see if this consolidation is improving or not. If it is improving then no need to worry. But if it is static or worsening then possibility of mass (cancerous) is more likely. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your husband. Thanks.

input: have a hard pea size lump at the very top of my left leg on the very outside of my body, any ideas? Possibly cold have bumped it in the past, its close to tensor fascise latae. I can only feel it when i am lay on my rightt hand side. An issue seeing a doctor is, im travelling around laos, vietnnam and southeast asia til october when i return to england, but i do have a good travel insurance, they may charge me as i could have had it previous to march when i first started travelling. A big thankyou for taking the time tto read my email.
output: HI, Dear,Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor virtual Clinic. I studied your query in all the details put forth by you. I understood your health concerns about the cause of hard pea sized lump on upper left side of leg. Cause of the hard lump on left top of leg-The facts of your query indicates that you had ?hit in the past to left knee, and it is felt only when on right side-these two facts indicate it to be left outer meniscal tear, which becomes prominent on right sideways position. As many other causes need to be ruled out by Second opinion from ER Ortho-Surgeon and hence your doctors second opinion is suggested. Hope this reply would satisfy your query and would resolve the worry with it. If you feel satisfied with this reply, dont forget to hit thanks and write excellent review comments, which would improve my rating for new needy visitors to Chat Doctor. Welcome for any further query in this regard to Chat Doctor. Have a good day. With Chat Doctor. N.M.S. Genl-CVTS, Senior Surgical Specialist

input: Sir my father got stroke a month back.His right side is paralysed,cant able to speak,having difficulty in understanding.From his behaviour we think there is loss in memory.Dr prescribed , Telday20,Avas 20,Diapride2mg,Clopitab75,meconerv plus.He is diabetic type2 . How can we improve his memory and  speaking skill?
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! I understand your father clinical situation and agree with the medication prescribed by his doctor. Unfortunately there are not any specific Chat Doctor.  But, I would recommend taking paracetamol or Catiline. Consulting with a logopedist for his speech disorder and performing a lot of physiotherapy for his limbs, is the main treatment in the next months, which will help improve his situation. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: Hi I have this weird feeling when I lay on my stomach like if theres a small ball right in the middle... it feels uncomfortable and if I do lay on it for a while when I turn over I feel abdominal pain what could it be.? I am 21 yrs old no medical problems never had surgery I have had 2 pregnancy everything ok...
output: Take betaine HY Chat Doctor.  This will break down food. Try this for a week. You also need to help pancreas which gets stressed use protease purge back.

input: Hello, My two year old son has had a circular, flat, rash whicChatDoctores and goes on his feet and legs. It is not scaly or itchy. It starts as a small red circle with white center and widens out. He has no fever at time of onset or prior. I have associated it with colds twice but not each time - unsure if releated to virus. Could you tell me what it might be
output: Hi...by what you quote I feel it's a dermatological manifestation of infection due to atypical organism as you are associating it with cough and cold. But skin conditions are best diagnosed and treated only after seeing them. So I suggest you upload a picture and I will be glad to help you scientifically. Regards - 

input: I have PCos and have not had a period since 04/11 but over the last couple of weeks have been having lower abdomen pains, sore nipples, headaches. I am gravida 1, para 1 but I really do not think it is possible to be pregnant without a period since 04/11.  Any suggestions
output: Hi. PCs can cause all such hormonal disturbances as to cause sore nipples and headache . Increase in side of the ovary can cause abdominal pain. Get the ultrasonography done to see the exact position of the ovary and see other parts of the abdomen. Also go for hormonal estimation.

input: My father just started having dialysis after his creatinine level reached 15.4. Since then he also found blood in his urine. The doctors did cystoscopy today and found a tumor present. They said that they had removed the tumor and sent for some examination. They also said that if everything goes well, he will not have to undergo dialysis. Is this possible??? Till today, he has got 5 dialysis done.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, The need for dialysis depends on the clinical status of the patient and blood creatinine levels. Dialysis also depends on the underlying cause of raised creatinine levels. If the creatinine was high due to obstruction caused by bladder tumor, removal of tumor will reduce the creatinine levels. However, if the high creatinine level was due to primary kidney disease, the status of the kidneys has to be assessed to know the requirement of dialysis. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Last Wednesday, a routine chest x-ray revealed what looked to be a 2 cm spot on upper left lung. I am a 40 year old female, non smoker who is asymptomatic. Had CT with contrast on Friday and it basically said the the image was nonspecific but i measured out to be 2.8 cm x 2 cm x 1.8 cm with opacity. It also said the lesion could be inflammation/infection but because I was asymptomatic, malignancy could not be excluded. What is the likelihood this is an infection or inflammation if I have no symptoms of chest cold, etc. Everyone in my home does have bronchitis right now though
output: No, a simple bronchitis cannot cause such a big lesion. However, as the size is 2.8 cm, It is very likely that it can be a cancer also. Get a biopsy done at the earliest and a PET CT scan if it turns out to be malignant. Secondly if it was an infection or inflammation, it would cause you some symptoms. Kindly vote thanks if the answer helped u

input: I am a female of 49 years. Suddenly my front portion of throat have swollen with a lump (approx 15cm radius) and on one side of the neck. Doctor advised me  certain blood and other tests to test forThyroid diseases. But reports came normal. This symtom has developed for the last three days. What could be the disease? I am on medicine for Arthritis for 10 years and have no major problems. Please help.
output: Hi! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Even though your thyroid blood reports are within normal limits, still the swelling could be related to thyroid apart from other swellings of the neck. However, it might not be possible to diagnose the lump without a clinical examination, and a confirmatory test like an FNAC/core biopsy along with an ultrasound of the lump. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Hi, my brother has dengue and his platelets count went on 93K when he was admitted. Next day count raised to 1.6K but now it has come to 43K on third day. Do I have to worry as he is hospitalised and seems doctors are not taking it serious. Please advice.
output: Hi, Sorry to hear about your brother and also appreciate your concern. The number of platelet count in dengue is of prognostic value;it means that it tells us how the disease is progressing and if platelet count has come down to 43K from 1.6K in one day, it should be followed up keenly although in my opinion a retest is a must. If it goes down further, he may need platelet infusion. Please talk to the doctor and keep an eye over the platelet count and the overall condition of your brother. I hope this answers your question. Please feel free to ask another question if there is another query. Thanks, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi there, I had an abscess drained about four weeks ago and my wound was packed. Have seen the nurse every few days and have been advised wound is fine and has healed. However since Saturday I have a hard lump attached to my scrotum and it is the same as previously had before drained. Can you advise what I should do? Is this normal for abscesses to come back so soon?
output: Thank you for your query. You are probably suffering from Sebaceous cyst of scrotum, which are getting secondarily infected, resulting in abscess formation. The infected ones are operated, as because they are multiple, and the symptomatic ones are left alone. Hot fomentation, local antibiotic ointment application and oral penicillin are the main stay of treatment. Please do also check your blood sugar levels, and ensure that you maintain personal hygiene. Take care and get well soon.

input: im 41 had two ablations for afib been normal rate for almost two years.have had several test on gastro side normal with gerd they say but lately have pains in left arm and chest that comes and goes with head aches bad sometimes pains last mins to hours my heart rate at rest is 65 blood pressure 137/81
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Your blood pressure and heart rate are normal, but since you are having history of atrial fibrillation and ablation, better to first rule out coronary artery disease as a cause for your left arm and Chest pain. So first get done 2d echo, stress test (trade mill test) and coronary angiography (if required). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Musculoskeletal pain can also cause similar symptoms. So avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Take painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, Why does my right wrist hurt so much. The pain started about 2 weeks ago. I am right handed very active still work, garden, exercise and do yoga and of course house work and yard work. I have being taking aspirin, it relieves the pain but then it returns, can t even open a water bottle. Help!
output: Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to overuse of the wrist due to activities.  I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the symptoms. I also suggest avoiding activities that overuse the wrist. Furthermore, I recommend using cold compresses for local application. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 58 year old, suffering from persistant cough for last three months, x ray shows a triangular opaque shadow in mid lung right side which is persistant for three months. Treatment taken,culture is negative, bronchoscopy normal tb tests normal advise further way
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Persistent shadow on chest x-ray despite taking treatment suggest possibility of lung cancer. Bronchoscopy and culture are negative for infection like TB. So better to get done CENT thorax (CT scan with contrast). If this shows mass lesion then CT guided biopsy from the mass is needed forecourt diagnosis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: after a miscarriage hello I had a miscarriage at ten week the baby had stopped growing at 8 weeks I ends up having to have a dnc the 14th of November , really hoping to try again soon.... but still no aunt flow do u know.when I.should expect one ?? are there any pills my hubby and.I can take to increase our chances ?? Im young 25 I know but want a baby so so bad
output: You must wait for six months after abortion. As you are young, so you will conceive spontaneously. But start taking folic acid before getting pregnant

input: Hi there, my 5 year old daughter has a meiboman cyst on her lower eye lid. She has it 7 weeks and it s now looking like an infected wart, protruding outwards. It s extremely painful. She s has 2 sets of antibiotics which didn t do anything. She s also just finish a course of Azyter eye drops. These have changed the look of the cyst and it now looks more alive, angrier and bigger. The eye specialist that we saw last Monday, has booked my daughter in for surgery but this could take 2 months before a place comes up. We ve another appointment with him in 5 weeks. We are so so worried about her and really feel something needs to be done sooner. Please can you offer some advice. Many thanks, Fidelma.
output: Hi, It seems that she is having infected Albanian cyst giving this trouble. It requires excision and removal of cyst. Continue applying antibiotic cream after proper cleaning till you get appointment. If there is more infection, go for one more antibiotic medicine course. Ok and take care.

input: My daughter is 5 years old, she has never had this issue before but for the last 4 days when she wakes up in the morning as she is eating breakfast she throws up. After she throws up she will continue eating and will be fine for the rest of the day until the next morning. I dont know why this is happening, she is not running a fever nor is she complaining of stomach pains.
output: Our stomach secretes acid which helps in digestion. It is secreted throughout the day. Throughout the night, the acid gets collected. This acid irritates the inner lining of the stomach. So, in the morning when your child takes in the food, the already irritated gastric wall revolts, and she vomits out the contents of her breakfast. But in the process of digesting the breakfast, the gastric acid becomes utilized and such a situation does not arise till next morning. Hence, she remains fine throughout the day.

input: I have been drinking several red bulls. Was recently told I had a heart murmor. Somtimes my eyes burn.also I have had very frequent uti since drinking them. Basicly I have realized I need to stop. Also having high blooid pressure. Will every thing return to normal if I do and the murmor I never had go away? I am 47
output: Hi There After going through your query I Understand stand your concern. I would like to tell you that Red Bull contains Caffeine and excessive use of caffeine leads to high blood pressure and high Blood pressure can cause LV dilation or LV failure which results as a murmur.It's advisable to limit use of Caffeine n Caffeine containing products and personally consult a Cardiologist to evaluate the reason or Murmur. Get one ECG and an echocardiography done and see a cardiologist with reports for proper treatment of High BP and murmur. Hopefully this will answer your query. Kind Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Doctor, There are bubbles rising around my genital organ (M) Earlierly it was only one, and now there are around 6 to 7. The color is same as the one around the organ but bit shiny. They dont pain, neither secret any smelly fluid. But the no. is increasing.What is the reason for these and the cure? I am 24 yrs old, 5.9" tall, 57kgs. (I tried sex with a social worker 7 months back)
output: Hi, If you had unprotected sex - need to rule out sexually transmitted infection. If not it can be bacterial infection / fungal infection. Share a picture for conformation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. R. Raveen

input: went to the ER with severe abdominal pain just below the sternum. Fells like theres something stuck there.  They ran x-ray and ultrasound and found nothing. No gall baldder or ruptures.  Im still in lot of pain as before and constantly feel like i need to use the bathroom for #2 but nothing. please help.
output: HI. Read the history carefully. There is a possibility of colitis and/ or enteritis. X-ray and ultrasound may not detect such problems at all. I would advise you to undergo upper GI endoscopy and colonoscopy if medical treatment does not help you. You may need an antibiotic and metronidazole and Sanitizing and supportive treatment to get a relief and cure. Use antispasmodic tablets to get a relief of pain

input: I have a lump on my leg and the doctor just told me its was a gland with fluid in it and right above it was another gland and the gland that was bigger seems like its got smaller and the one above it seems like it has gotten bigger. Could the fluid just be draining up to the other glad or should I go back to the doctors?p.s. it sort of hurts
output: Hi, Dear,Welcome with your query to Chat Doctor. Studied your query in full depth of its details. Reviewed it in context of your health concerns. Based On the facts, You mostly seem to suffer from-Varicose Veins with perforator Vein Lumps, which hurt a bit.or/ this could be Sebaceous Cysts caused due to the blocked sebaceous glands in the hair follicles. Other causes need to be ruled by Second opinion from a Surgeon or Dermatologists. Hope that, This reply would help you to plan further treatment soon with your treating doctors. Best of Luck and early recovery. Welcome any further query in this regard, which would be replied in next session. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist

input: For the last year I have been having WBC with diff done every 3 months due to a high WBC of 19,000. This count has fluctuated throughout the year, but never been normal, also no illness to account for. I do have symptoms of fatigue, petechiae (hands, arms, and chest-occasionally), HTN, and some diarrhea. EKG from 5 years ago normal, LFT normal, CMP normal, Rheumatoid normal, kidneys normal. Been to an allergist and told I do have even more allergies, but would not account for the high WBC. Sed rate slightly elevated. Please advise. Jen
output: Hi and thanks for the question, Chronic elevation of the ABCs deserves a more critical evaluation. In your case especially, the association with increased ESR, fatigue and petechial suggest exclusion of a bone marrow malignancy, especially a leukemia. A bone marrow biopsy might be compelling. Secondly, I would to suggest carrying out Anti-nuclear antibodies, HLA27 and autism antibodies for your symptoms are also very compatible with systemic lupus erythematous, which is an autoimmune disease. The symptoms as I said are very suggestive of a leukemia. An appropriate diagnosis is critical, for the setting up of an appropriate treatment plan. Delayed diagnoses my make the prognosis more faint. I suggest you book an appointment with the hematologist, to rule out a leukemia or any possible blood malignancy, and possibly systemic lupus erythematous. Thanks for your question and hope this helps, Luchuo, MD.

input: I was born White(Wheatish brown).Now I have become brown in Complexion.This Happened for Lots of Reasons.How can i Get back Fairer as I was??.Suggest Home Remedies..Thank you!!
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor You need t apply sunscreen lotion of SPF 25 at least for protection from UV rays from sun. Try to avoid sun exposure. Use colored umbrellas for protection from sun. Eat fresh fruits and vegetables every day as they have antioxidants and vitamins that prevent damage to skin.  Chat Doctor.  Exercise every day for 40 minutes by brisk walking which is enough to improve blood circulation to skin and make it glow. If you have any pigmentation on your face that can be removed by many methods like bleaching creams, laser etc. Consult your Dermatologist to get further information.

input: My dad is 86 with AF that is being managed with medication.  He has had a recent blood test that shows poor kidney function.  He has increasing symptoms of lethargy and is tired most of the time.  In the last while his appetite has gone and in the last two days had an episode of diarrhea and vomiting with some stomach pain.  Could he have kidney failure?.
output: HIT hank for asking to Chat Doctor I really appreciate your concern for your father the symptoms that you have stated here may be due to the infection and not the direct indication of kidney problem, but still in my opinion the infection part of urinary tract has to be ruled out, hope this information helps you have nice day.

input: I have two questions: I am 74 years old and am scheduled for rectacele surgery in January.  My family doc was hesitant to recommend the surgery.  After talking with my Urologist, he gave me the choice of surgery or living with the symptoms.  I had bladder suspension surgery in 2009.  Is there some danger here that I am not aware of?  I have opted to have the surgery based on my age and knowing that if it gets worse, surgery later on might be compromised by age and other factors that may or may not be present it at that time.Also, I am scheduled for a colonoscopy next week. Would it be advisable to wait to have the colonoscopy until after the rectacele surgery has healed?
output: Hi, You very well understand the fact that any surgery at this stage is considered risky and that is the reason you have been counselled in detail by your doctor. Colonoscopy is usually done prior to the surgery, hence it will be preferable to get it done now.

input: What are the natural ways to check hair loss and alopecia, specially in the initial level? Everyone does not have lots of money to spend. For example - I am 28 year old female; I am not under medication; I am suffering from sticky dandruff and oily scalp and split ends; there is more hair fall and less hair growth. Is there any natural remedy?
output: Hi I understand your concern . Yes there are natural ways u can prevent hair loss . First avoid excessive hair loss for oily scalp take regular bath apply less amount of shampoo and soap avoid hair straightening and other parlor measures nutrition is very important ... like having salads, green leafy vegetables and proteinaceous diet .thank you

input: i just found a lump in my groin area its very close to the inner leg joint so im not sure if it is a normal part of the body as i have another lump on the other side on the exact same spot but it is a little smaller. you have to push deep to find it and moves around freely esp when walking  thankyou
output: Hi, Welcome. Based on the facts of your query-You seem to have normal lymph glands in the groin. And they become specially felt while walking. Hope this would help you to plan further treatment with your doctor. Will appreciate your Hitting thanks and writing excellent review comments to help needy patients like you. Welcome with any other further query in this regard. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. S. Genl-CVTS

input: My son fell and hit his forehead a month ago. Huge lump, both eyes black, and a lot of swelling. Wasn t knocked out but sinuses affected but had a cold previous. Now after weeks he has a pointed lump at the site where he hit the metal. Is this normal?.
output: Hi, It seems that there might be having big hematoma following injury producing swelling and black eye. Now gradually it is reduced, and some collected blood is encapsulated. Apply ice pack for few days.Sometimes if not absorbed then aspiration with wide bore needle might be required. Ok and take care.

input: My wife had a left temporal bleed in May 2012, she was put on Levipil 500 mg BD, she discontinued it in August of 2013 - she got her first and only seizure on the 17th of october 2013. At that time we were traveling and could not get levipil but managed to get eptoin - she has been on 100 mg of eptoin 3 times a day for the last week. On seeing a neurologist I was advised to taper of the eptoin and start her on levipil as it is a safer drug. I cannot risk her having another seizure as she has suffered severe muscle damage in her back and legs from the seizure and is slowly recovering from it. Would it be ok to shift her to levipil?
output: Hi, as you describe your doctor has judged correctly, and he is tapering the dose of option, and slowly introduce the level running both the Chat Doctor.  In addition, you also avoid 

input: My name is Tamara.  I am a 32 year old white female with class V membraneous lupus nephritis.  I also have multiple comorbidities including compartment syndrome in my lower extremeties with gross edema.  Recently, I have had boughts of severe swelling that results in massive water retention, to the extent of 40 pounds gained in less than a month.  While kidney function is fine during this increase and I can eventually pull off the fluid with crazy diuretic therapy, after the output, it seems that all of my muscles from mid calf to ankle are now hardened and very tender to touch.  I have waited several weeks in the hopes that the tissue would return to normal, but no avail.  What could have caused this, what condition is this called, and is there any way to reverse this as it is very painful (I doubt there is in my experience *I am an RN whos specialty is Renal Transplant/Nephrology* ).  Any information regarding this would be very much appreciated so that I can continue on this side.  That you!  Tamara.
output: Hi, Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor, Look mam you have pretty tough condition in the sense of medical ground, in my opinion such case needs team work, this could be chronic nephritis, I personally ask lots of investigations to come online of treatment and to know the prognosis, without this, it is not possible to come on any decision, you batter have words with your treating Doctor, meanwhile cut down the salt,take care of your self, Have nice day

input: I am a 61 year old woman, and I am on blood pressure medication. 20 mgs of lisinopril, and 200 mgs a day of metoprolol. My blood pressure is high when I wake up in the morning always now. It runs 148/98, and remains high throughout the day. It only is normal a few times, but otherwise it stays high. Do you have any suggestions?
output: Hello, I suggest you monitor your blood pressure for a few days and then to go to the doctor, so if the values are high, he should give you other medications like Lercanidipine or/and HCTZ. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Dr. Mild pain started below neck on C6/C7 a week ago. While I applied some ointment or Motrin it is subsided, yet reappeared after a day or day. I feel pain when I touch on the upper exterior of C6/ C7. However, I have no shooting pains on my hands or elsewhere. My routine is not affected that includes my daily exercises and walking. I can turn my head/neck at all directions without any pain. Nevertheless, while I stretch my right hand in particular to pick things in front of me, I feel dull pain at the side of C6/C7area especially to its right . I am not diabetic, my BP is between 70/110 - 120/80 all through. My weight is 147 Pounds and height is 171 CMS. What is your advise doctor. Well, I may consult a orthopedic in this regard
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. The herniated discs compress spinal nerves or spinal cord. Symptoms are experienced along the area of distribution/path of that particular nerve. This has happened at level of C6-C7 in your case. Treatment includes 1. Use of cervical collar helps in immobilization and brings relief. 2. Medical Chat Doctor. 3. Methylcobalamin supplements are also recommended for nerve compression symptoms.4. Cervical isometric exercises are beneficial to maintain the strength of the neck muscles. Neck and upper back stretching exercises, as well as light aerobic activities, also are recommended under the guidance of a physical therapist. 5. Hot fomentation helps in relieving acute symptoms. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Dear Sir,I am 23. I am  feeling pain in my stomach (left side) since last couple of days. Pain is not more but light. I would like to share hat days back around 2008 i had a pain in my stomach and i checked it and found Appendicitis. it was small in size around.2mm so doctor  recommend me to take injection. I took that and felt relax. Now i am feeling same problem. so please recommend me that what to do now?i am quite afraid that whether i got that problem again?what is the probability of severity on this??I ll be grateful if you will give me some solution on that.Best RegardsDharmendra Tripathy
output: Hi Carmen Chat Doctor. It looks that you have got colitis. A proper history, clinical examination, investigations as per these findings alone can lead to a proper diagnosis. This is most important to lead to a proper management/ treatment. So visit a Doctor, preferably general surgeon. All you need is a 5-day course of antibiotic, metronidazole and supportive medicines, and you will be fine. Do not panic and do not think this as a serious problem.

input: Thanks. I have had knee pain for about 2 months now. No blood clots found and no broken bones. After about a month of the knee pain I noticed a lump on the top left of my knee (left knee). The lump is soft and does not hurt to touch. Please help. What is goin on with me?
output: Hi! Thanks for sharing your health problem with Chat Doctor! After going through your problem of knee pain with lump on the top, I would like to consider following possibilities AS PER MY ROUTINE CLINICAL EXPERIENCE:1. Benign cystic conditions like bursa, ganglion cyst etc. possibility 60% 2. Inflammatory like synovitis, synovial herniation, patellar dislocation, synovial effusion etc., possibility 20%3. Benign solid tumor or tumor-like conditions like giant cell tumor, lipoma, neurofibroma, dermatofibroma, cysts possibility 20%Therefore, it could be a cause for worries in the future!. And you must confirm the diagnosis by ultrasonography and needle biopsy as advised by your doctor and thereafter discuss with him the possible treatment options.

input: hi my name is juliaI have 2.5 yrs old boy he had temperature at 7pm 101.4f.  I gave him 4cc chilren tylenolthen I gave him another dose at 9.15pm 4cc his temperature droped to96.7f and last one at12 midnight and his temp now is 96.4 ist ok he had a case of ceasure at age 1
output: You can safely use Tylenol in the prescribed dose 4-5 times a day for a child who is running fever. However, it seems that you are using it even when there is no fever. Stop using it by the clock, and use it only if there is fever above 99.5 degrees F. Why did the fever occur? Most likely a virus, but it is safer to go to his pediatrician in routine hours within a day if possible. Use sponging as a tool to reduce fever - as your child had a fit in the past, don't allow the fever to rise beyond 100 F. I hope that helps. Best wishes.

input: Hello, my grandma is 71 turning 72 in July. She is basically in the end stages of liver failure. She had a tube that was drain excess fluid but she pulled it out because she was frustrated. Now she has a chest tube that is draining all the fluid because her lung collapsed. Her voice was going away for the past couple days but now it is completely gone. Is this associated with the liver failure or is there another explaination?
output: Welcome at Chat Doctor !!  I have gone through your case and being your physician I completely understand. Your health concerns... Based upon the history you have provided it is rather difficult to pinpoint the diagnosis since your grandma has the variety of issues. End stage liver disease do presents with loss of speech that is called HEPATIC ENCEPHALOPATHY grade 4...... It is the most common cause of loss of speech in chronic liver disease.  Second probability is hypoxia leading to carbon dioxide retention leading to acid base imbalance that too provokes hepatic encephalopathy and also one of cause of loss of speech.  You better take her to hospital so that appropriate workup has been done, and proper management should be provided to her.  May she get well soon, if u still have any query feel free to ask anytime regards Chat Doctor. 

input: sir, fifteen dayes back i felt pain above right testicle. on ultrasound found.my prostate is 24grms and post void urine is 140cc.feeling burning sensation in urinary passage. my age is 64years.whether i have to go for long treatment or for a short period.height-5ft-6inch,weight-79kg,diabetic-but controled by diet.
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. Here you are having high post Vidal residual urine... Here according to report it could be prostate enlargement with infection.... You have to consult surgeon for per rectal prostate palpation and subsequent investigation. Urine also should be examined which will mostly will show presence of pus cells ... For infection antibiotic given with more fruit juice and more water..... After controlling infection if prostatic enlargement there biopsy or PSA done to reveal nature of prostatmegaly... Then accordingly treated like with that of tamsulosin or prancing... Consult surgeon for proper examination and treatment. Take care ....

input: I have sharp stabbing pain in my upper left abdomen. It started Sunday night, I was uncomfortable no matter how I laid in bed Sunday night but the best was to lay on left side on a heating pad. Yesterday during day the pain was not nearly as bad while I was working but started up again after I ate dinner and has not ceased since.
output: Hello dear , welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* There are different possibilities for this pain in left upper abdomen as @ Abdominal wall related as muscular.  @ Intro abdominal left Hyperion Chat Doctor.  @ Diaphragm related.  @ Left lung lower lobe pathology as pneumonia, effusion or other.  @ Referred from kidney as calculus or other. Hope this will help you for sure. Wishing you fine recovery. Regards dear take care.

input: hi my name is ravi, i am 26 suffering from high SGPT since last four years, having treatment also, its ayurvedic treatment, but after having all sort of precautions also the results are unfavourable, as in am monitoring it for couple of weeks, the 1st week the result was 102, 2nd week it was 72 bbut the third week again it was 92.... i am very much worried as my job also depends on it, i am in merchant navy
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor I need to know cause for elevated Sept level Don't try any self-medication for your condition Your following report should be done.... _USG abdomen _serum bilirubin estimation _Bag ELISA _CV ELISA _Serum cholesterol If you are having fatty liver or non-alcoholic steatohepatitis then Adlio can be prescribed, and low fat diet consumed So depending on because I can give further comment Hope your concern solved Take care

input: Hi! I have extremely dry skin where my two butt cheeks meet, like in the crack of my butt. It itches terribly, and often leaves a burn of flakey dry skin in my underwear. I know that I have psoriasis on my scalp. I was just wondering if it can affect my butt cheeks and also my genital area? I ve had vaginal itch since I was young. Yeast infection medicines dont work, rarely will an anti-itch cream work. It was localized on one side of my vagina for 10 years and had since spread to both sides. My family doctor just says to use anti-itch, but I think there s a bigger issue or a better answer. The left (original) side had turned a darker color and is thicker. What exactly could be the issue?
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor Psoriasis is a likely possibility as it can very well involve the body folds. Psoriasis classically involves the extensors like scalp, elbows, knee, shins and lower back, but sites like maxilla, groin folds can also be involved either together with the extensors or solely, where it is classically known as inverse psoriasis would advise that you see a dermatologist for a confirmatory diagnosis. Psoriasis in the body folds responds very well to topical steroids as well as topical immunomodulators like tacrolimus/pimecrolimus ointment. An OTC antihistamine once daily e.g. cetirizine would help you symptomatically with the itch. Regards

input: I have a slightly elevated liver enzymes, very low vitamin d. My thyroid checks out fine. im fatigued, hair loss, dry skin. I also had a vaginal biopsy and they found hyperplasia . Is the liver enzymes and low vitamin d related. the doctor said not to worry about the liver enzymes. she put me on 50,000 units of vitamin d.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Liver enzymes might be elevated due to disease and this can lead to reduced synthesis of vitamin D. It will help to know by how much your liver enzymes are raised and then treat any condition that is causing it. Since the doctor has told not to worry therefore I think the liver enzymes are not very high to cause a concern. However, you might have vitamin D deficiency and this requires you to take supplement. The pap smear showing hyperplasia requires discussion with the pathologist. Hyperplasia itself does not indicate cancer but might be a precancerous stage. You might vitamin D for now. Please do not worry.

input: Hi... for the past three months i have been getting this rash on my face cheeks. They are like pimples but they are not infected. It gets worse right after I take a shower or wet my face anytime. If i describe them they are like bumpy, pink, and scaly. What do u think this rash can be? Please answer:)
output: Hi, According to your complaints it could be either acne vulgarism or hemorrhoid dermatitis. I would recommend you to upload the pictures of the affected areas under the premium section of the site so that I can have a clearer picture of the condition and can guide you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a sore lump (quarter size) on my lower, inside arm and I noticed it 4 days ago. It s getting no bigger but still sore. Should I wait a week after applying ice and taking anti-inflammatory to see if it goes away. It s mid way, between elbow and wrist on inside of arm. I may of hurt it but don t remember doing it.
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some benign cyst like Desmond cyst.  Or you may have some soft tissue tumor like lipoma or neurofibroma. You should dot wait because it doesn't look like inflammatory lesion. You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi I am 30 yrs old and my husband is 33. We are planning for a baby since 2.5 yrs . In Oct 2010 we got to know that i am having a cyst which was constantly present for 8-9 mionths and our gyn said that it might be a chocolate cyst and endo. So we had laproscopy done in Sep 2011 and after that tried for iui for 5 months but unsuccessful. Then our gyn said to go for IVF wherein we still are thinking as it is very expensive. We went to another doctor in March 2012 and she prescribed Lupron depot inj for 3 mths and I got my mensus in Aug 2012..I want to know what are the chances to conceive with endo and should i wait for sometime and try iui or what else can be done..please help..Regards Neha
output: Hi, As you have already tried 5 cycles of GUI after laparoscopy, it's better to try for treatment which gives better pregnancy rate which is IVF. As you have already received In Lu pron Depot for 3 months, it would have been better to go for IVF immediately after 3rd dose of Lu pron as it increases chances of pregnancy in IVF. But still It's not too late. You can go for IVF straightforwards or can again take Lu pron depot for 1-2 months & then go for IVF. IVF is definitely the best treatment for you. Wish you good health.

input: hi i think im about 8 weeks pregnant, need to know what will happen next, when will my scans be etc, how can the doctors determine how far gone i am and what will happen if i go to my gp to see if i am pregnant
output: His have gone through your complaints.it's good that you are pregnant. Go for scan at 11-12 was.It's important to look for nuptial translucency .it's also important to define regarding pregnancy like dating, no of fetuses, viability etc.next important to evaluate for anomaly scan at 18-22wks. Have proper diet. Take iron folic acid tablets. Take Carthage youRegardsVasundhara

input: I am taking diclofenac 50 as a post oral surgery pain reliever.  I am 4 hours from my next dose of two tablets (recommended by my dentist).  Pain has returned with considerable intensity.  Is the any reason I cannot take some aspirin until I am due for my next dose?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query.You can take  ChatDoctor. 

input: I have had a very bad cough of an on since Sept. It just recently got bad about a month ago. My Dr has been treating me for pnemonia and I have been on 5 rounds of antibiotics a shot of one and Im on my 3 rd round of steriods. I also got a shot of one in the office yesterday. My symptoms are getting worse and I started to have a sore throat n swelling of my face within the last 3 hours. Im wheezing really bad and my bp is 138/86 and pulse is 98 should I go to the er? I am very scared n shaking. I have had xray of chest and than yesterday a Cyst scan with contrast of my chest. I am very concerned and am just getting worse
output: Hi, Dear,Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Dear I read your query and reviewed it with context to your query facts. I understood your health concerns and feel Concerned about them. Based on the facts of your query, you seem to suffer from-Steroid Induced Facial Swelling with Asthma. Remedy-Recheck with your Doctor and review the steroid doses. More info on antibiotics for Pneumonia is needed to suggest on your current health issue of sore throat/ swelling and wheezing. More info on Cyst Scan is required to know why steroids are used in Pneumonia with 5 rounds.And to your query on ER visit? Yes, you should visit ER and check up for various possible causes for such a complaint, witChatDoctorplicated illness over last 1 month. Hope this would help you to solve your health issues in the best way possible. Welcome for any further query in this regard. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS

input: my mom s blood pressure over the last hour has been very low, mostly the bottom number. the last reading was 145 over 64 but was as low as 51 on the bottom number. her question is should she take her blood pressure medicine as normal. She s kinda worried it may make it drop in the night too low.
output: Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your query and concern. Yes she certainly needs to continue her blood pressure medications. Low number of the denominator need not be worry at the moment. All she need is good HY Chat Doctor. Reduction of daily salt intake to less than 6 gm/day will help. Monitor the blood pressure daily over 2 weeks to adjust adequate dosage. I advise you to have a baseline 2D echo and ECG on semi-annual basis for better cardiac assessment. Consult an expert cardiologist for further help. Post your further queries if any. Thank you.

input: I have been experiencing cold rushes down my left leg from time to time.  I do have five hyrneated discs in my lowerback for over forty years.  When that happens my leg sometimes goes numb briefly, nothing has to be going on at the time that happens. I had hip surgery on my right hip three years ago with a replacement hip.  The problem with my leg is with my left leg and started after the surgery. It causes no discomfort at this time but, Im just wandering if this is a precusor to what may be to come.I am a sixty- six year old woman, retired and in fairly good health. I am a make up of many cultures.and tat
output: Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Your problem in the left leg is no way related to your Hip replacement surgery of the right hip. As per the description, all your symptoms suggest a degenerative disc disease of the lumbar spine witChatDoctorpression of the neural elements. The conservative management of degenerative disc disease is as follows -* avoid lifting heavy weights as it imparts more strain on your back* avoid forward bending activities as it will worsen the disc protrusion* Use a lumbosacral back support to augment your spinal muscles* Intermittent pelvic traction to cause a regression of disc* Maintain optimum body weight, if you are obese* Physiotherapy to strengthen your back muscles. Physiotherapy has to be done only after the acute pain has subsided.* Judicious use of analgesics and muscle relaxants. If all these measures fail to provide you relief, then surgical decompression may be an option. Hope this information is helpful. Good day

input: hi. i m 26. for past few days my mouth is notopening fully. i had pain in my gums n look like dey r swollen. may b wisdom tooth is formating. i dont consume tobacco or smoke . n it all started after i start dieting . i eat less than before. i also take herbal pills of active fibre. i just want to know what is wrong with me
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor I went through your history & it suggests that you are suffering from Peritonitis i.e. inflammation of periodontal tissue before eruption of third molar. It occurs due to food lodgment & bacterial accumulation in that area. Its Symptoms are:- -pain -swelling -difficulty in mouth opening -fever -malaise -regional lymphadenopathy Get an IOP AR done & consult your dentist. If flap is interrupting in its path then go for flap removal i.e. operculumectomy. Otherwise, if sufficient space is not available then go for extraction since it is vestigial & has no role in mastication. For temporarily relief do warm saline rinses 3-4 times a day. Start with Tab Amclaid-625 twice a day along with Tab Aerosol -SP thrice a day for 5 days. In Case of gastric problem take rabeprazole-40 mg once daily. Your herbal pills won't be of much use. Do Betadine gargles twice a day.  Take Care Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been a ocd sufferer for over a decade now i did not know of it for many years but later on underwent therpy for close to 2 yrs i was prescribed F-tin along with certain occupational therapies And it helped to certain extent but came a time when i realised that no pill is cut out for my specific forms of symptoms & i stopped Now the prolem is that though i am aware of my problems but can not help much Actually its hampering my studies by making my productivity low  I have been trying a lot but pl tell what should i do as per your insight
output: Hi, I can understand your distress and concern, specifically since you are able to attain much benefit with treatment. OCD can be occasionally difficult to treat, but with right approach, can be dealt with effectively. Had I been your treating psychiatrist, I would have considered treatment with medications from selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) like fluoxetine or sertraline together with behavior therapy in form of exposure and response prevention. Depending on the initial response to the 1st medicine tried, further course like adding clomipramine or an atypical antipsychotic like risperidone, etc. can be tried. You can discuss regarding these option with your psychiatrist. I am sure that with adequate treatment, you will respond well and get better. I do hope that I was able to answer your query. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.

input: Hello Sir, My new born baby is 10 days old. He got operated for Colostomy, his anus was absent when he was born. So they operated and made gap in side stomach. We also tested his Kidneys and before operation. They his kidneys are working 80%. He has Cyst in his kidneys. Is that curable automatically ?. Is that something we need to do now or later stage.? Please explain about this. Thanks, Shyam.
output: Hi...this needs to be decided only on regular follow-up ultrasound scans.n In future he will need MCU and DMS scans. As of now if the urine output is normal - you need not worry. In future, he needs regular follow-up scans. Regards - 

input: Hello... iv rashes on my face n neck almost 5 days now, and its really itchy. My eyes are swollen. I ve done blood for lft n blood for r/examination,all are normal.my doctor prescribe ursokem-plus n litina- a Bt still no improvement..so please help me what really is it
output: Hi, Are you applying any over the counter face cream?  Steroid containing over the counter creams may cause redness and rashes on face. Allergic reaction to hair also may present with swollen eyes. Superficial bacterial infection of skin such as erysipelas can also cause similar rash.  So, I request you consult your Dermatologist for arriving at a final diagnosis and for initiating the treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: So my boyfriend and I were messing around. We had a condom on, and I was on top (Sorry for information ). However, he had already ejaculated... he still had that condom on while I was on top on of him. There was No penetration throughout everything . I was just like rubing the outside of my vagina on his penis ... now my period is late. Almost a week.... Could I be pregnant? Please help...
output: Hello dairy understand your concerned have non-penetrative sex and used condoms rubbing of the penis with condom on it does not cause pregnancy. To become pregnancy penetrative unprotected sexual intercourse in the fertile phase of the period is required. So there is no chance of the pregnancy. Your period can be delayed due to hormonal imbalance, ovarian dysfunction, excessive stress, change in lifestyle and dietary habitat for the period for next 4-6 days. If period will not come then consult the gynecologist and period can be induced by the progesterone pillMeanwhile avoid stress, take healthy diet, Chat Doctor. 

input: 42 yr old, female, Wt= 57 kg, Ht= 5.18 ft no positive past medical history used to wear shirts tight in axilla for a while just a couple of years ago, I have got hyperpigmentation on anterior border of my axillae, I use alcohol free roll on or spray. How can I treat my Axillary hyperpigmentation?
output: Hi............. axillary hyperpigmentation can occur due to friction with tight clothing(as mentioned by you)Even the use of deodorants and antiperspirants can cause it waxing.shaving, or hair removal creams can cause IIT can be post inflammatory after a bacterial or a fungal infection To treat this peeling- TCA peels or glycol or mixed peels can be done apply segmenting creams like comic acid or glycolic acid or HY Chat Doctor.  Deodourants and sprays should be avoided.

input: My husband is 36 years old.he smokes 4, 5 times a day.his sperm count is 100 percent but his sperm motility rate is 50 percent only.is this motility rate okay?we have not been able to conceive for the last one year.my all reports are fine.Mona Sharma age-32 years
output: Hi, Normal sperm motility is considered to be greater than 50 percent. When the motility falls between 25-50 percent on a single ejaculate, this may not reflect a real problem. When the motility consistently falls below 25 percent, the chances of a problem are much higher. When the motility consistently falls below five to 10 percent, the chances that fertility is normal is highly unlikely. However, you should not worry as your husband has sperm motility of 50 percent which can be taken as normal.

input: My father had right sided Brain hemorrhage and was operated for SDH and ICH because of fatal road accident. He is taking Leviteracetam since that accident and at present he is recovered well except some problems with memory. He is having some hallucinations and psychiatric behaviour, does leviteracetam causes such side effects?? In our last meeting with the neurologist, he had started Oxcarbamazepine. Current Medications : Leviteracetam 500 mg BID Oxacarbamazepine
output: Hello, I have gone through your query and understand your concern. It is very difficult to predict these symptoms like memory loss, hallucination and psychiatric behavior whether due to Hemorrhage or Levitaracetam.A few people who take Leviteracetam for any condition (may experience depression, suicidal thoughts/attempts, or other mental/mood problems. Brain hemorrhage also cause the similar symptoms even after recovery. In brain hemorrhage, the complete recovery is very rare, and the patient may have symptoms occasionally or regularly.Thus, to find the cause thorough neurological examination is vital. If the neurological examination is normal, then switch over to other Chat Doctor. Hope this helps. Please write back for further queries. Wishing you good health.

input: CT scan chest and whole abdomen (non ionic)axial images were obtained after contract injection obtaining biphasis images in arterial and venous phases. Oral contract was also given.CT SCAN CHEST:There is evidence of diffuse areas of interstitial thickening in both lungs showing scattered distribution with pan lobular involvement. There is also interstitial nodularity and also discrete separate parenchymal nodules in both lungs measuring subcentimeter and less in  size. Findings are consistent with lymphangitic carinomatosis and mestatic pulmonary nodules.No infiltrate, mass or consolidation seen in either lungNo evidence of pleural effusion.No evidence ofbilar. mediastinal or axillary lymphadenopathy.The vascular and bony structures are normal.
output: The report suggests that there is a disorder with involvement of the interstitial (supporting structures of the lung) along with a few polarities in the lung parenchymal (substance). The diagnosis of lymphangitis carcinoma to sis would suggest that its secondary to some malignancy. The primary malignancy needs to be found out.

input: My 33 y.o. daughter woke with severe upper abdominal pain, frequent urination, burning in her stomach that radiates to the back and pain upon swallowing. I realize we need to see a physician but I was hoping for a little insight as to what this might be. At this time we have no transportation and young children that need tending. Would you please let me know what we could be facing?
output: Hello, The symptoms may be due to urinary tract infection. In this situation I would advise my patient for urinalysis and urine culture and sensitivity. If there is evidence of infection than a course of antibiotics will be prescribed. Antispasmodic alone will do to manage the pain if there is no infection.

input: Hi, my blood Calcium has ranged from 10.1 to as high as 11.4 over the past 10 years. I have had PTH and Calcium drawn today with PTH of 17.2 and Ca of 10.3. Lab results for my recent physical support otherwise healthy. Endocrinologist insist that I have a cancer somewhere, my kidney doc tells me not to worry about it. Am I dying? Last creatinine was 1.4, wbc 7.5, rbc 4.88. I take blood pressure meds but have been taken off of any hydrochlorothiazides. Blood pressure is well under control. Help me!
output: Dear, there is very mild elevation of calcium, I can say negligible. Since you are hypertensive very mild changes have occurred in your kidney which lead to mild elevation of serum creatinine and possibly calcium. There is nothing to worry, and please do not think of cancer and enjoy. Truly,

input: I have a painful lump on the right side on my buttocks just inside the crack. I ve had it once before and used iodine on it to help it go away. Surgery is not an option for me as I do not have insurance. What exactly can I do to get rid of it. I cannot function like this?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some perianal abscess or fistula.  You should go for examination. If abscess is there then go for incision and Chat Doctor.  If fistula or piles are there then it needs surgery. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hello Doctor My child having 3years suffering from frequent fever from 15 days due to swollen glands on the neck .our doctor prescribed us delcon plus , new deletusP syrups and nutocef50 tablets ...is this a proper prescription even though he is getting fever for every six hours severely..please prescribe proper medicine. Thank-you Swaroopa.
output: Hi... Recurrent fever with swollen glands in the neck for the past 15 days could be ABV infection or otherwise called infectious mononucleosis. It is a self limiting prolonged viral illness. Rarely it can cause complications. I will suggest you how a viral illness behaves so that you will be more confident. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Regards - 

input: I am 34 years old I have a acidity problem for last 6 years I have used lot of medicine but stil in a same position I lost my weight also I did my ultrasound test report showing that my liver is little bit big and lot of gas in my stomach and lower part of the abdomen . When I use medicine I am feel better and when I stop to eat medicine it starts, kindly advise me medicine .
output: Dear .... Many thanks for the mail. A slightly big liver usually does not mean anything serious unless the liver function tests show some abnormal readings. So an LFT needs to be done. Like wise ultrasound evidence of gas in the stomach also does not mean anything. You will require an endoscopy test if not already done and I need to know the report. If you feel better while you take medicine denotes that you have some acidity problem. I suggest you continue the same medicine till you send me the reports I asked for. Taking these medicines for a long period of time will not cause any harm. Rgards

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here...hi doc, I m trying to get pregnant since 8 months. The doctor prescribed me complete blood picture and total scanning. Blood test including thyroid, hemoglobin,harmones etc came out to be completely normal. The scanning showed bilateral mild cyst. My periods r also irregular and I m overweight by 15 kgs. One more blood test during periods is prescribed , can u pls provide details of it
output: His have gone through your complaints. Overweight, irregular periods and bilateral mild cats indicate polycystic ovarian syn Chat Doctor. They might be thinking to assess FSH/LH levels. Try to reduce weight. Have Regular exercise .as you are saying you're all blood reports normal, hope your blood sugar also normal. If SOS is confirmed the best thing is 

input: How is it that a medical expert could use the 1990 ACOR criteria for Fibromyalgia in July of 2009, when was the preliminary available? I don t have any money, I am now disabled and not working, I need help and some answers. Is this questionnaire set up to help or to make money? Sorry about the attitude but I am tired of trying to find the truth about my case and because I am unable to make the living that I once made because of the Fibro, I am left in the dark.
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough clinical Musculoskeletal assessment is advised.a little knowledge about the fibromyalgia is needed. Fibromyalgia is a condition where the pain is in the fibers of the muscle. Each muscle is composed of multiple muscle fibers and inflammation happening there will lead to the dysfunction in the circuiting of the muscle fibers to produce the contraction and relaxation. Also to understand here that the medication is a symptomatic relief and not a long term solution as the body is a medicine of its own and medication used acts as a supportive therapy to allow body to heal on its own. Also, in my clinical practice most Fibromyalgia cases we recommend physical therapy, meditation and breathing exercises. As physical therapy will help improve the muscle refunctioning and also improve the metabolism and immune system to reduce the inflammation. Also, Therapeutic ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy have been useful to reduce the pain, but importantly exercises are the choice. Meditation helps improve the control over the anxiety and leads to cooling of aggression. Breathing exercises helps to improve the oxygen carrying blood cells which acts as a fuel in the metabolism and reduce the metabolic waste as well. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: My grandson has to have a liver transplant,he is having to have all his injections within the next 8 weeks because when he has the op he will not be able to have them, he is 9 months old and within the next 8 weeks he will be on the transplant list, my grandson and my son and partner were at kings college last week for three days digusing all that was going to happen, my son has put his self forward as well to be a donor for his son which is my grandson which is a scary for me to think about as i do worry about them both, is this operation safe for them both i know if ralph dosent have it he will not be here but just need to know as my son only tell me what he thinks i should knowCan you please answer these questions for me thankyou
output: -Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your quarry. This is complex surgical procedure, very complex. But it is very safe for donor and less safe for baby. If your son is in good shape and health then he will recover very soon after transplantation. Transplantation is obviously the only possible treatment for your grandson, so I am sure that you can ignore all possible risks of surgical treatment and give your best. Hope I have answered your query. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help

input: I have notice very slight traces of blood on the toilet paper after my 4 yr old son has a BM. It is not every time and it is slight. It has been inconsistent over the last month. Stool does appear pretty hard. No trace of blood in or on the stool. I plan to speak to our pediatrician next week when we are there for a flu shot. Should I be worried?
output: Thanks so much for consulting in Chat Doctor. Your son has usual problem because his stool is very solid, don't worry, but pay attention to his anus, it seems he has fissure there, it looks like as scratch in red color, you can give him call suppositories 1 CBPP before night per rectum 5 days for healing, also you can do oil enema- 10-15 ml usual sunflower or olive oil after bowel movement, but he should lay in the bed 15 min for resorption. Please start to give him boiled blended beet roots with a little salt, garlic or onion and sunflower or olive oil for laxative effect. In addition, you can give him carrot and beet roots, orange fresh juice, apples, more fiber food and raw vegetables-tomato, cucumber, he should Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,Im a 30 year old woman, Ive always been healthy but I have this problem since my 20s. Whenever Im nervous, anxious, emotional, really unhappy about something or really happy about something, I start sweating, my chest and neck become very hot and red blotches appear mainly in my chest very rapidly. Is is very disturbing in social situations. What can I do to solve this problem? Thanks
output: Blushing is a common reaction. It may be a part of social anxiety disorder or social phobia. If blushing, sweating, along with possibly tremors or stuttering occur when you are in a social situation; you may seek the help of a psychiatrist. The other features of social phobia which you may be having are:1) Fear that people will evaluate you/ judge you negatively when you are in a social situation. Such fears are more likely in public speaking, talking to a crowd, or meeting many people at a party or social gathering.2) Many people have symptoms described in 1) above. But they should be severe enough to cause limitations in your functioning. Or you find the anxiety so severe that you avoid situations completely. This then leads to further social problems.3) You think this fear is excessive, but seem to have no control over it. There are medications as well as Cognitive Behavioral Therapies (CBT) for dealing with social anxiety. The disorder is sometimes almost a part of your personality, that it stays throughout life. However, medications or psychotherapy will help you deal effectively with the symptoms. Do seek a psychiatrists' opinion on it.

input: I have a metallic taste in my mouth that started 2 days ago, along with:abdominal bloating - 1 year constipation-1 year on and off joint pain (mainly in knees and ankles) - 6 months tingling in right arm - 6 months unable to loose weight - 2 months tired all the time - 1 yearI am a 34 year old female, 5 foot 7 inches, and weigh 205 pounds.  I had all bloodwork done in February 2011, along with abdominla CT scan and echocardiogram, that all showed that I was fine.
output: Hi. Some tests are already done, and you say they are normal. Yet you have Metallic taste-this can be due to intestinal infection or medicines. The Bloating, Constipation Should be investigated by CT scan again to rule out Gastrointestinal Cancer or Tuberculosis. Joint pains and tingling in right arm have to be investigated by Thyroid tests and RA Factor and Calcium tests.

input: Hey there I ve been having these slight heart burns for two weeks after taking mdma mixed with weed & a little bit of alcohol & I was wondering If I am gonna recover from this? Parts of the day I feel normal & then the heart burn creeps up on the random. I feel lost, no sense in reality, low energy, & I start to get quiet. Most of the say I feel like im dieing slowly.
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Coming to this point (facing your actual complains and overall clinical scenario), I strongly recommend you to consult immediately the nearest ER service in your living area, as those cocktails (MDMA, weed, alcohol, etc.) are very dangerous for your health, especially for your heart. They may exacerbate form mild blood pressure fluctuations, to serious arrhythmias, sudden heart attack, and even cardiac arrest and death. So, do not lose any more time, but ask medical help, to undergo a careful physical exam, resting ECG, several lab tests (like complete blood count, CK-MB, troponin, AST & ALT, renal function tests, blood electrolytes, etc.), and rule out serious health conditions, as well as start an appropriate therapy for your health status. I strongly recommend you to avoid having such dangerous substances in the future, to protect your health and life. Hope to have been helpful! Greetings! 

input: I am experiencing a right side dull pain in my temple and at times sharp. My right side cheeks and face feels kinda tender when touched. I know I have been experiencing headaches and neck pains as well. Im just concerned due to a previous aneurysm on right side in back of my head lower to neck.
output: Hello, I can understand your concern. It is logical that you can assume it to be aneurysm again as you have had it before. However, if it was aneurysm, you should be feeling symptoms like pulsations, numbness over the area etc. What you are experiencing is a sharp and dull pain episodes in the cheek area which seems like pain from infection of the oral cavity or due to sinusitis. It could also be pain related to Trigeminal or Facial nerve. I would advise you to visit a dentist for examination of the oral cavity to look for presence of infection in the area. If dentist clears you for any loci of infection, an ENT specialist or physician can examine you for sinus or nerve related problems. By the time you see a doctor, you can take Ibuprofen 400 mg or Motorola 10 mg up to thrice day to have relief from pain. I hope this information helps. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. I wish you feel better soon. Best,

input: Hi, and thanks for checking up on me. I have not yet figured out why I cannot move in the daytime, but in the dark and at night I can. I considered hemochromatosis, but the symptoms don t really fit. I have started an herbal tea medicine to work on the bone marrow, and it seems to be very slowly improving. But I still can t explain why it happens in the first place. Thank you for your help. It is very appreciated. - elaine silverman
output: Hi Elaine, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. No, hemochromatosis does not cause difficulty to walk. 2. I am not sure if it is anything related to hemochromatosis as you can walk at nights and not in day. Are you able to move your limbs during daytime? If you are able to move any of the limbs, then you will require psychological support and counseling.3. Routine hologram along with serum iron investigations will give a guide on hemochromatosis. Liver biopsy can confirm it. If more details are available regarding investigations and clinical history, I can be more helpful. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: hi my name is Ashish and I am a student.I having some problem in my head. my mind is always go out of world thinking useless.I cant stop even if i want due to over thinking my head from back start paining.This always happen when I am not doing anything or when I am studying.If this is a kind of any disoder or dieases then let me know.I forgot to tell u that sometimes thingking in nights do not give me good sleep
output: Hi there! Mind is not vacuum, it cannot remain empty. Being young, you have a lot of energy, please channelize it in proper manner, please do at least 30 mins of any aerobic exercise, not only for physical fitness but also for mental peace, it releases happy hormones. Please form list of goals, short term and long term too. Keep the track of every hour may be at least 6-8 productive hours a day in Excel sheet, to know what you did in that hour. Have half glass of hot milk an hour prior to sleep, this will ensure good sleep and will boost generalized wellbeing in you. From the information what you have given i don't feel It's something serious to worry., but please consult a Psychiatrist/Counselor if you don't improve with above measures.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... Yes, I have a 6 yr old daughter that has an irregular heart beat when she sleeps, is it normal. She seen a cardiologist when she was 2 yes old and was diagnosed with vasogeal syncopy.
output: Slight abnormal with respiration is normal, otherwise visit again to cardiologist, get ECG, 2d echo report, it may require treatment

input: Hi I have a question for you.I have hep B and am very Jaundice also Liver disease , yet not sure yet how for the liver is gone yet. I wanted to know what foods or drinks are healthy for these problems? I ve been eating alot of steamed vegetables,whole wheat,crackers,oatmeal,bananas, apples and lemons including the peel.Thank you in advance for any information you can provide me with..
output: A liver disease diet for viral hepatitis includes:In viral hepatitis as such no special diet is required so do not follow restrictions by yourself. If doubt ask your Gastroenterologist. High carboy Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Doctors,I live in The Netherlands. A friend of mine has gangrene fingers and the doctors do not know what it is so they are not sure how to stop it spreading before they amputate his fingers. I am trying to find a gangrene specialist. Preferably in Europe but otherwise anywhere as my friend is willing to travel to see a doctor they has more expertise knowledge. I have not been able to find any specialised doctors through Google. I am approaching you to ask if you can recommend a doctor/specialist/surgeon.Kind regards,Sarah
output: Helloi appreciate your concern in my opinion it could be thromboangitis obliterensif he is smoking tell him ti quit smoking immediately advise him to take tab ibuprofen as anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 

input: hihiFrom last one and half year am trying to get conceive... but still got not any positive result ..Done every test likr HSG,Hysteroscopy,thyroid profile, also done husband test...that all tests are normal.... Last month once again done Prolactine level,thyroid profile and AMH Levels test done, In that prolactine levels and thyroid stimulating hormone are high so how to move further on this... Please advise me on this
output: Hi, The cause of your infertility is hormonal as is evidenced by the high levels of Prolactin. You should see an endocrinologist and get further management to attain normal hormonal status. Meanwhile, please maintain a healthy weight, healthy diet and regular exercise. Do not go for ovulation induction prior to achieving normal hormonal status as this may not be successful. You would need Chat Doctor.  Hope you find this information helpful. Take care.

input: Every now and then...every other week or so....i have a knot that shows up right next to my spine and it itches....in my lower back....by the end of the day it is gone....what could it be?
output: HI, Dear,Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I understood your concerns about the shin lump. In my opinion its -Urticaria-CIU (Chronic Idiopathic Urticaria)Treatment-a-Take opinion from your ER physicianb-He would do Blood test for eosinophilic / Stool for the worms and amoeba. Hope this would resolve your worry. Hope this would help you to plan the treatment with Your family doctor. Wishing you early recovery. You are always Welcome for further query to Chat Doctor in this regard. Have a Good Day...!!

input: i am needing to take a deep breath yawn like breath every minute or two. its getting irritating and cant sleep that good. Im 21 years old and this has been happening for the past 4 days. I breathe ok but every minute i need or have the urge to breathe deep and cant seem to breathe deep sometimes.
output: Hello   As you explain the history probably, a stress situation might be the cause.   Regards 

input: I am 6 1/2 months pregnant. Woke up this morning having chest pain. I didnt pay mind to it and continued with my day. Afternoon I took two Tylenol thinking the pain would go away and it hasnt. The pain is my dead center chest, in between my breast. Feeling like I cant breath. Like my chest is Caving in and someone punched me there a few times. What is it?????
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely. But better to rule out cardiac chest pain first. So get done blood pressure monitoring and ECG. If both these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Avoid movements causing pain. Take painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I have a swelling on my ankle above it a few inches up is a round circle about the size of a dime with a plus sign in it. It. Isn t painful but weird looking. I also have what one Dr. Believes is Baxters nerve in the same foot. Extremely painful and then goes away then comes back.
output: Swelling on ankle joint is quite common it depends on your lifestyle and working nature to rule out stressful bruises sometimes leading to swelling at ankles my advice for you is to do regular small work-outs between your work sitting for long hours can also cause ankle joint swellings I hope you will recover well Baxter nerve is just a medical condition don't worry about that

input: Hi.. i had my Hestroscopy 4 months back and my both the tubes were blocked but now they r opened. my doctor gave me lezra2.5mg tabelets which i took on 3rd day of my cycles and finished on 7 th day .. total 5 tablets and then 4 HMG 75massone injections for for days, injection each day and then a one day gap and on 11th day of mensus i had IVF-5000IU two injections. now are they hope for me to get pregnant ? I am 26 years old and my weight is 70kgs and my height is 5 feet and 8 inches
output: Hi, I think there is a good chance of pregnancy if you had got even one follicle. Injection must have been given to rupture the follicle. Be in contact with your husband for next 2 to 3 days.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test after that. Hope I have answered your question.  If you have any other query I will be happy to help. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Doppler Scan reports Report in the case of female aged 50 reads as follows.: 1)Liver enlarged in size (167mm) with diffuse increase in echotexture - No focal Alteration in echotexture. Intrahepatic biliary radicles appear normal. Common bile Duct is normal in calibre. Portal and hepatic veins appear normal. Request Your comments and advise.
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. I am Chat Doctor. K and I am pleased to assist you. Enlarged liver with diffuse increase in echo texture is due to fatty liver. This is a condition in which fat gets deposited in the liver. Check your blood glucose and cholesterol levels. Reduce weight if obese and avoid alcohol. Get a liver function test done. I hope that answers your query.

input: I have had severe right side pains that have been going off and on since yesterday, but tonight they have been pretty unbareable. I have taken Ibuprofen at 9:30 and again just now. I have no swelling and no fever, just pain...I am guessing in and around the 11th and 12th rib. Pain seems to be mainly in the back. I feel better when I stand up, however around 12:00 this morning I took a warm bath and followed up with a warm shower and pain was gone completely! I was able to sleep till now where pain is back, same place and is a dull stabbing pain. Looking at symptoms could this pain be kidney stones?
output: Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms can be related to kidney stone. I suggest doing an abdominal ultrasound for further evaluation. Meanwhile, I suggest using a plasmolytic such as Tuscan to relieve the pain. Warm compresses can also be helpful. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been told I have bilateral renal cysts. nothing has ever been done about them, but for the last moth or I have had pain all throw out body includeing to the tips of my fingers. this happens prior to voiding of which I have no control. could this be do to the cysts ? I also have very sharp pains off and on in the lower left back gem18@
output: HelloMostly simple renal cysts are asymptomatic, and it is an incidental finding. It may cause symptoms if there is increase in size or infection inside the cyst. Pain may be due to many other reasons like urinary tract infection, musculoskeletal reasons etc. Your condition need proper clinical examination and further investigations. X-ray of L/S spine and urine RE/ME, C/S should be done. Treatment depend upon findings. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: My six year old daughter is complaining that when she looks at words or objects in the room that they are shaky and move around. Having some trouble reading. That is used to happen earlier in the week once in a while and now it s happening a lot. Should I take her to her pediatrician or eye doctor?
output: Hi... I suggest you take her to pediatrician first. It might be an initial manifestation of learning disability too. Once medical problems are ruled out, you can opt for ophthalmologist. Regards - 

input: I had mirena inserted a littles over 3 weeks ago. I ve had some minor on and off cramping which I know is normal. However, since Monday I have been experiencing severe sharp pains in my lower right abdomen . Usually in the morning shortly after getting up. I have an apoinment with my obgyn Monday to have the mirena checked. Is it okay to wait that long of should I seek immediate attention?
output: Hallow, I fully empathize your sufferings. Mirena is an intrauterine device. When with IRENA in you start getting severe pain in abdomen, the cause could be:1. The uterus cannot get adjusted with it and is trying to throw it out. This is more commonly observed in women without any previous pregnancy.2. There is infection in the uterus and the device.3. The device is trying to perforate through the uterus. You will have to report to the Gynecologist at the earliest. Ultrasonography/X-ray can reveal about the perforation aspect. Rest two will have to be evaluated by the Gynecologist by clinical examination. You may have to get the device out if it is not tolerated by you. If there is infection, you may require a course of antibiotics. I hope I have guided you with sufficient information.

input: Hi, what is the name of the muscle/tendon/ligament/structure that is very thin on either side behind the knee. You can feel it. I have pain there and felt it pull a few weeks ago. Now I also have pain in front of the knee but this was the start of it so I m wondering what it is.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. These structures are called hamstrings. These are semitendinosus and semimembranosus. For pain, you can take analgesic such as ibuprofen. Vitamin B and C help in recovery. For details about injury you can get MRI of knee joints. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: I ve had a white coating on my tongue that tastes chalky when I scrape it off for 2 months at least. I ve been through all the tests and have been told that the culture result shows definitively no sign of yeast or strep bacteria, both respiratory and oral smear. I went it after noticing my breath was not good. I have a PDA so I have very strict oral health. I was on antibiotics for many years, 100mg Doxycycline 2x daily for acne. The initial thought was thrush. It is not the case. My boyfriend now has it, he developed it about 2 days after the bad breath. The white does scrape off and looks a bit like shaggy white carpet.
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The white chalky coating on the tongue can be because of the food debris, or it can be because of hyperplasia of the papillae. Nothing to be panic consult an oral physician and get it evaluated to rule out hairy leukoplakia. The bad breath can be because of the gum infection secondary to deposits, or it can be because of the food lodgment secondary to decay, or it can also occur in respiratory or gastrointestinal tract diseases. Consult an oral physician and get all this thing ruled out, get your teeth cleaned and use mouth wash like chlorhexidine. Once the cause is found out consult respective physician and get it treated. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: hello dr. iam 27 yrs old my height 5 4 , weight 44kgs my uterus size is normal, endometrium at the ruptured time i 8.5mm.right overy size 23.20.20 and left 18.17.17 can i get pregnency or there is any problem i married 2 years back.plz give me the answer.
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorRead your prob, your endometrium n ovarian size is normal. If you want to be pregnant then you should do intercourse at 12th to 18th day of period. As ovulation occur eat this period. If you success get blood test for gonadal n thyroid hormone, USG for follicular study for rule out the cause then consult with your doc n start proper treatment.

input: Okay so the past two months I have missed my first birth control pill, I finally got back on track this month and I am 10 days into the packet. I had intercourse last tuesday and have been feeling more than off. Nausea, fatigue, headaches, slightly sore breasts, cramping, a bittle bit of being emotional, dehydrated. Just all out deeling horrible. Ive taken pregnancy tests but I feel it could be too soon. And would I be feeling these pregnancy symptoms so soon after? Also, could it just be that I am finally back on my bc regimen?
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to us. Irregular intake of birth control pill & unprotected sex close to your fertile period or ovulation day (occurs 14 days prior to due date) are quite risky for being pregnant. In this case, I suggest you to undergo one home pregnancy test if you miss your next period. Above clinical features are quite relevant with possible pregnancy. Common symptoms of pregnancy:a) Missed period, nausea, vomiting, tender and swollen breast.b) Increased frequency of urination, fatigue, food craving.c) Slight vaginal spotting, cramping, mood swing, constipation etc. Hope, I have answered your query. Good luck and take care.

input: I am 62. A year and a half ago I had a bad virus...afterwords I had very painful stiff muscle pain. Doctor has given me pregabalin and co-codamol. My neck and right arm are very still and my right arm has pain. My left arm can get stiff but not as bad. I exercise every day and keep myself active. Also I am overweight. I now find myself slowing down and I am aware my muscles are not very strong. Why after all the medication am I not getting better? The overall muscle pain is better but the pain and stiffness in my right arm is getting worse.
output: Hello, The pains in the neck and left arm muscle that you are having is likely to be related to cervical spondylosis. This can be diagnosed after an MRI scan of the cervical spine. Regular neck isometric exercises can help.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hello doctor..... my children , son age 7 yrs and daughter age 3.5 yrs....both cough all night, have mucus...during the day they are fine....but when ever they have some fizzy drink , candy, ice cream...etc...we have a terrible night..........they take seretide evohaler and aeroline inhaler with a spacer once in the morning and once at night.........i ve given them myteka many times for a few weeks but i feel it doesnt make any difference.....am i doing the right thing ?...are they actually asthmatic ?.....or is there an easier treatment?...please help i am very worried now
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Greetings from Chennai. By what you quote I feel what your kid could be having viral associated wheeze or multi triggered wheeze. I have a few questions for you -Questions:1. How many days per month does she cough or feel breathless?2. How many nights per month does her sleep get disturbed due to above symptoms?3. Does she feel breathless when she runs around or plays with other kids?4. Are the symptoms when there are seasonal changes?5. Is there any family history of asthma or any other sort of allergies like skin allergy etc.?6. Is the cough always associated with fever? If your answer is yes for any of the above questions, your kid might be having viral associated wheezing or multi triggered wheezing, and I suggest you meet a pediatric pulmonologist who is near your place. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: My 8 year old son suffers from allergies. He gets severe reddness under both eyes and across the bridge of his nose. His skin looks blistery in the red areas. The skin is bright red like the color of a sun burn. He says in only itches now and then. The rest of his face in normal colored. Please advise.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. By what you quote it should be an urticaria or a simple skin allergy. You can use HY Chat Doctor.  Most important thing to be remembered is that it has a propensity to recur (called as second crop) within 10-14 days. If this happens, you can start using the same medicine, but I suggest you get the kid evaluated with your pediatrician. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: I have high BP and recently prescribed a water pill, low dose hydrochlorizaide, I have been suffering from dizziness and think it may be low potassium, I feel better after I have eaten a banana and some electrolye drink, such as Gatorade or Vit Water. The dizziness only lasts till afternoon, so I think it must be dietry related?
output: Hi, first I want to know whether you are a diabetic or not. If you are a diabetic and on insulin or oral medicine then it may be due to hypoglycemia. The dizziness may be due to thiamine induced hypotension (excessive fall of BP). Low potassium and sodium can happen with thiamine intake, but less likely with lower doses. Next time please check your BP when you feel dizzy, and also get serum sodium and potassium level done. If the dizziness is due to excessive fall of BP then better take the medicine at bedtime. Thanks

input: Hi Im 31 years old and I had two mcs one in 2010 and the next on 2011. After the second I found that I have the v leiden factor and I m on baby aspirin since then. I also found that my AMH antimullerian hormone is at 1,76 that belongs to low fertility . My fsh was at 7.8 .I m ovulating in every cycle on the 13day. I tryed with menopur and pregnyl to conceive again for 5 cycles but with no result. My last try was on last December. Two months later my thyroid levelsf for tsh found increased at 3,64 they were dropped at 0.00 and now TSH is on 0.35. Do you believe it is unable to conceive on my own? Should I go on an ivf when my thyroid is regulated? It has been over a year that I havent conceive and that makes me worry.
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Since you are having a normal ovulation on day 13 in every cycle, you can conceive normally once the thyroid levels have been normalized. Please do not worry. Conception is a time taking process and needs patience. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: Hi, My mother is 72 years old. She have low back pain problem for last few years, but now she is getting too much pain while walking. If she gets pain while walking she stops/seats for while then she feels better and then she can walk again for another some distance. We have shown her case to orthopedic and neurologist. They said, for her condition two options are there one injection ( I dont know what kind of injection) and other is surgery.  I am not sure (And I am not doctor also) , but it seems Neurogenic claudication. I am from Pune, India. what are the available treatments. I want to avoid surgery considering her age.If unavoidable,  is there any risks in going for surgery. She is diabetic for past 11 years and also have BP.please help.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. After going through your query it seems to be Spinal stenosis leading to neurogenic claudication. Surgery has good result. RISK of surgery is neurologic defects included paralysis. Other risk is infection more so because she is diabetes. If you want to avoid surgery than Chat Doctor. I THINK THIS will be of use for you.

input: Dear Doctor,I had an itchy and peeling foreskin which would not heal after medication and a doc circumscised me. It became infected.  Its ok now, only scarred, but I continue to have itchy genitals and groin and burning sensation, even after almost 9 mnths.  what could be wrong?  I was treated for fungal infection but still the burning pain is there, especially when wearing clothes.
output: Hi, It seems to be lichen simplex chronic us. I would recommend you to take anti-histamine like table thy Chat Doctor.  Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Is ventorlin good for child cold and cough ?hi,my 11yearS 4months old daughter was prescribed ventorlin syrup.ventorlin 5 ml 6 HOURLY ONCE times 7days ,she was first having cold with runny and blocked nose.i just wanted to know that dr.prescribed her a correct medication or not because ventorlin is a bronchodilator?it will have any side effect or not?she had no wheezing.it is dry coughing i think.
output: Ventolin (Albuterol) is a bronchodilator and your doctor has prescribed it because often in case of such cough, bronchospasm occurs. He has not prescribed the wrong medicine. But if you feel that she does not have wheezing, you may skip giving it and reserve if for times of respiratory distress, if it occurs. The side effect of Ventolin is increased heart rate but let me assure you that this is a very widely used medicine and well tolerated and so you need not worry about the side effects. Give your child steam inhalation twice or thrice a day and I think that she would get some relief. Also add some antiallergic syrup like Relent which will also help in diluting the cough. The cold has been caused by a viral infection and generally takes 5-7 days to recover. Please be patient till then.

input: 95 y/o male, in the hospital 5 times in the last 4 weeks.  water retention in lungs.  placed on oxygen for the last 2 weeks.  heart attack - only 25% of heart function remaining.  patient is on ventialtor and sedated due to patient not cooperating.  what is recommendation for patient care if all goes well when ventilator etc is removed?  would 24 hour care be reccommended?  what are the chances of recovery/mortality?
output: He will likely need to stay in the hospital for several days after the ventilator is discontinued. He can be assessed by physical and occupational therapists to help with the determination of whether 24 hour care will be required. At this age and with such a weak heart, he will likely need significant assistance.

input: i am 33 yr old unmarried girl, weight 45 kg, height 5.3, my skin seems to be very dull and blackheads on face appears, what to do
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. You seem to be underweight due to which your skin is dull. You need to have lots of fresh fruits and vegetables along with healthy nutritious food which help you to improve your skin texture as well as your hair. Consume a lot of water which will HY Chat Doctor.  You can also use based mixed with HALDE or lemon with honey on your face. A facial scrub will help you remove blackheads. Have a good health.

input: I went get a chest x Ray. All I have is hyper aerated lungs. The doctor prescribe me antibiotics for my cough. The few months before I have had chest pains that come ang go like a heart attack, I think it may be pleresy but would of a chest x ray found it ?
output: Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Hypermarket lungs can be seen in following conditions. 1. Normal individuals. 2. If chest x-ray is taken in full end inspiratory phase. 3. In smokers4. In emphysema. So if you are smoker or having emphysema then you need to get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) to diagnose the obstructive airway pathology as a cause for your Hypermarket lungs. Smoking cessation and inhaled bronchodilators are the treatment for this.

input: I Had an u/s done on oct.22,2010 sayin i was 7 weeks due date june 10th. This Wouldve meant that i conceieved when i was with my bf sep.17 2010. But i just went to get another ultrasound done and stated that i was 20 weeks and 1 day on jan.17,2010, giving me a due date of june 5th, if you calculate my LMP(aug.29th) this would be accurate for a 28 day cycle but i have a 31 day cycle. I was with someone else on sep.10th once unprotected, but my bf has been getting all the symptoms, nausea, nosebleeds... should i worry or should i just go by the first u/s?
output: First USG scan is the most accurate for calculating LMP so go by the first. USG and take your EDD to be exactly that by first USG

input: my mother is suffering from continuous swelling of lower portion of legs. Her Amlodipin medicine has been changed but swelling persists. Uric Acid normal. ESR and CRP is high. Doppler normal - no stenosis, dilation or constriction of arteries in leg - in short doppler normal - no thrombosis. BP high controlled by medicine. No infection - have gone thru anti-biotic treatment. other blood profile normal - shown many doctors - swelling still persists and reduces slightly during night rest (when feet are up) but throughout the day the swelling increases. Totally foxed - pls suggest line of action.
output: Hello, Next thing is she should undergo renal and liver function test, serum albumin levels, echocardiography of heart to look for the cause.  She should consume low salt diet and water restrictions. She should also be started on medicine like Tab Dy tor 5 mg once a day in the morning. Get potassium levels five days after starting this medicine. Hope this helps you and get back if you have any doubts.

input: My brother having Hepatitis B infected and as per lab test his HB level is 2.78 there is any critical level & what type of diagnostic attention required RVN
output: Your brother has severe anemia. The normal He level in men is between 12-16. He needs urgent blood transfusion.Also, the cause of the anemia has to be investigated asap. Treatment will depend on the cause.Meanwhile, he needs urgent admission to the hosp and whole blood transfusions.

input: respected doctor, i am a mother of a son name XXXXX he is in a age of 8 year he is suffering from some brain problem my doctor had asked me that there bug in his brain and it comes from some food they have prescribe him valparin in medicine. i want to ask you that is it possible can any bug can go through stomak to brain from foods.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Your son is most likely suffering from neurocysticercosis [NCC], which is caused by tape worm infection. This infection comes from the infected food, and enters the brain in some cases. In most cases, the worm passes out of stool.  There is no need to worry, as it is fully treatable with medications. Please follow the advice of your neurologist. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. 

input: my daughter testing  report wriiten the following word......FNAC smear from right breast ill define lump aspiratesshow scattered cluster of ductel epithelial cells with mild overcrowding...DIAGNOSIS:- FEATURE ARE SENSITIVE OF BEING BREAST  DISEASES  POSSIBLY FIBROADENOSIS...sir is any serious thing in this report....is fibroadenosis can be a breast cencer..pls suggest  thanks
output: Hi. With the Gods grace fibroadenomas is never know to transform into cancer. So be assured. Nothing is serious except that she may have pains during each menstrual period, tensions.

input: hellow doctor my sister gave birth to a girl baby 0n 24 june and her annal part was closed and on 4july the baby expired doc say some infection , now we took some test on b my sister now ANA test say positive . she was taking in sulin during pregancy and she had continues cough during first and second trimester . wht should we do now . will there b e any prob lem when she preganant . tht was her first bab y
output: Hello misunderstand your concerning test is positive suggests she is suffering from SHE(lupus)It is multi system disorderConsult the rheumatologist and best obstetrician as it affects fetus and pregnancy and take proper treatmentTreatment and outcomes depend upon the title of the ANA. Corticosteroid and immune modulator are generally given for treatment. Hope this may help you Best regards

input: Yesterday that is on 4th i met my boyfriend.He inserted his finger into my vagina some 6 times and tried to satisfy me. But all these times he washed his hands with dettol each time he inserted them. Is there any chance of pregnancy?
output: Hello welcome to Chat Doctor. Pregnancy can only occur during intercourse where the penis is inserted into the vagina and sperm is ejaculated into the vagina. The sperm has to have contact with an egg from the ovary for pregnancy to occur.

input: Hi, For the past two weeks, I had been suffering from hands and feet numbness (mostly on my left arm) especially during middle of the night. This is accompanied with mild dizziness and also change in vision. Please help as I find it difficult to concentrate in my studies. Thanks.
output: Hello, Consult a physician and get evaluated.  Detailed evaluation is required to find out the exact cause. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I wake up every morning with a feeling to throw up, I sit in front of the toilet for 5 min in excrutiating pain because i never actually throw up anything. This only happens when I wake up from sleep. I also get randomly dizzy during the day, very dizzy it stays for 3 seconds and goes away, but it happens often. I also dont have any appetite, i never feel like eating, i only eat cause my stomach tells me I must. What can I do?
output: Hi symptoms does not favor a specific condition First thing to rule out is intracranial lesion for which go for MRI with scanning of cervical spine if positive consult a neurosurgeon the other possibility is depression and take SSRI group of Antidepressant the doctor will give you prescription wish you speedy recovery Chat Doctor. 

input: Actually, my body type is very slim. But since the past 6 months or so I find that my tummy is bulging a lot....I have a strong feeling that this is a result of gas accumulation...So how do I find out whether it is fat accumulation or gas ?
output: Gas distension you come to know because you will have a lot of burp or farting along with it. In fat this does not happen. Also, the size fluctuates with gas, but this is not the case with fat accumulation.

input: sir, i am a tuberculoma brain person.fits and tong bite caused last year Mar 2012 after this i take treatment. MRI scan report is 5.2x 7.6x 6.0mm. treatment : only 2 month Streptomycine inj and still using tabs INH 300 mg, Rifampicin 600mg,benadon 20 mg,Pentocid 40 mg, folic acid 5 mg and Dilantin 300 mg. In Jan 2013 again MRI Scan report is 4.2 x 4.0 mm (healed granuloma).   Sir, My question is what is healed granuloma? is it curable or not ? i am ver worry about this. how will it take time to curable?. because last time Dr told me that U will cure after  one year because streptomicine inj. please give direction sir.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Healed granuloma means treated infection, and it means the infection is no longer active, and you have responded to treatment. The current medications are fine, and TB treatment should be continued for at least 18 months. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: I had two silver filling replaced about 2 weeks ago.  They were on the last two teeth on my upper left side.  The one tooth is still sensative to pressure but not hot or cold.  Should I wait and see if it gets better or call my dentist.  I think they were pretty deep.
output: The filling may be of increased height.  Call your dentist .it may be deep also, or the base is not proper.

input: I was at the beach and came home with a sunburn on my nose when it went away i got a very bad rash that itches burns and is bumpy and when i scratch its gets wet its under my chin. please help!
output: Hi, Thanks for query, Take bath with plane water, Apply some moisturizing cream, Take antihistamine like cetirizine. If the skin is bumpy, apply calamine lotion. Avoid going in the sun rays. Ok and bye.

input: My son has been getting a rash periodically when we take him to the doctor with it they think it is viral. But he keeps getting them. I just cant see a virus lasting for years off and on. It doesnt flake, puss, or create any pimples. It is only on his face and it will spread all over his face. What could this be
output: Hi and welcome to ChatDoctorGiven that the rash is periodic, it is more in favor of an allergy. It could be atomic dermatitis, basically allergic causing rashes over the face, in the creases and also other body folds. Did he have similar complaints from a very young age? It could be an allergy which increases with weather changes, dust, exposure to sun, certain plants, animals etc. Also, certain foods like nuts, seafood, processed foods, etc. You will need to keep a track of when exactly the rashes come up and if there is a common cause each time. Allergies generally reduce as the child grows, but repeated exposure to the cause can make it recur often. Use a mild sunscreen when outside. When rashes appear, apply a demonize cream on the face for 5- 7 days till rash subsides, no longer. Use an antihistamine like HY Chat Doctor. To confirm you can consult a dermatologist and run tests to check allergy levels in blood, also skin tests for possible causes. Hope this helps.

input: my sons stomach has hurt when he jumps, gets up from laying down, it has hurt him now for about a week. today he said it hurt when he breaths. i had him to the hospital one night because it hurt so bad. they did an xray for constipation and a bllod test for appendix and everything was normal so what could be causing this?
output: Hello, The most common reason for pain in abdomen like this is habitual constipation. If this constipation is corrected with laxatives and appropriate toilet training then this will go off. The other reason could be worm infestation for which you can use albendazole. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Sir, since 10 days my daughter is having loose motions, 3 days back her stomach become boating, became pale, without blood ? can you suggest what would be the reason
output: Hi, Diarrhea without blood may be due to food poisoning and viral infection. She may need probiotics and Zinc supplementation. Zinc should be given for 14 days at least. She will be alright if you give proper nutritious food.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: i fell 3 weeks ago and landed on the front of my hand and rolled it inward it swelled up and has scince gone down i had an x ray and showed no fractures although even after three weeks it still hurts to touch if i move it wrong i get shooting pain below my little finger nuckle to my wrist and it aches all the time.
output: Hello, What I can infer from your complaints is that you have had a soft tissue injury to your hand. If the x-rays do not show any bony injury then most likely it will be a soft tissue injury of the hand. I would suggest you wait for one more week and if the pain increases then to recons ult your physician till that time you can take it easy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Today is the 4th day I have a rash .the dr decidesd that I have shingles . The dr gave me 5 pills a day .I feel a sore throat and a runny nose after 3 pills of taking ACYCLOVIR! Should I stop taking those pills? I am also. Applying The Ointment ACYCLOVIR ! Is it too much!
output: No, you should continue the acyclovir and get your throat examined by your GP. If there is any evidence of a bacterial infection then antibiotics can be added as well.

input: I have reoccurring shingles from a sensitive nerve. When I wear clothes that aggravate the nerve I break out. I get it several times a year. I take Valtrex and keep it on hand. Is there anything else I can do to slow these outbreaks. I also have constant nerve pain
output: Hello, thank you for using Chat Doctor. I read your query and understand your concern. Conservative therapy of herpes zoster includes non-steroidal anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 

input: I have unregularly period because I have PCOS I had took birth control for 12 months but when I had stopped taking them my period was regular for just three months my 4th one is late now.. I  was wondering if I should take something else now ? and if the total fertility supplement PCOS will help in my case ? I will appreciate your kind answer Im  really tired because of this ...thank you
output: Hi. Treatment for PCs begins with weight loss and metformin, if either or both are indicated, and then is individualized depending on the patients reproductive needs: oral contraception supplemented with Kantian Chat Doctor. To reinforce weight reduction+/- metformin is the recommended therapy. Role of fertility supplements is questionable. Consult your obstetrician for further management. Hope this helps. Take care.

input: I have gurgling, wheezing noises when I lie down to sleep, cannot clear it with coughing.  Do have pnemonia, was given antibiotics, albuterol inhaler and told other meds to take.  Have been sleeping last 2 nights sitting up due to the noise.  Any suggestions to get rid of the noise?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Breathing difficulty, wheezing during lying down (sleeping) are seen with bronchitis and heart failure. So better to consult doctor and get done blood pressure monitoring, ECG, 2d echo, chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). ECG and 2d echo are needed for heart failure. Chest x-ray and PFT are must for the diagnosis of bronchitis. Treatment is based on diagnosis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi Amit.. Im having a lower back pain after playing squash. I dint have any pain while playing the match. But when i came back i am having some pain. Also it happened yesterday and has not subsided yet. Should i be concerned about this.Thanks and Regards,Prajul
output: Hello, I had gone through the case and found that it might be muscle spasm which trapped the nerve. So take mild painkiller, apply muscle relaxant gel and use hot water bag. Avoid forward bending AMD take rest. Hope my advice will be effective for you. Thanks

input: Dear sir,Recently my Father-in-law(FIL) saw the Heart doc for ByPass related surgery. Doctor suggested to go for "Ultra Sound Abdomen" and "Dopler study of renal arteries" first as my FIL has very high BP(200/100).  "Ultra Sound Abdomen" report says "Inter Polar cyst measuring 12 MM noted in the right kidney" and "Prostatomegaly". I am worried, what does it mean?  Your guidance is highly appreciated.Thanks In Advance
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Cyst in the kidney and high blood pressure is suggestive of the damage caused by the high blood pressure. High blood pressure in the kidney can cause damage on the renal calyxes and can cause cyst. It requires surgical correction. Further management of the blood pressure can also prevent further damage to the kidney. Prostatomegaly means enlarged prostate. Enlarged prostate usually occurs with being prostatic hypertrophy. This needs to be confirmed with the PSA level in the blood. It will be higher on the carcinoma of the prostate. If its carcinoma it needs to be managed as per the malignancy. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: dentist .. I am 48 years old ,153 pounds ,55 and wear dentures. I habr a big red clear bublble in the floor of my mouth and is very painful to wear my dentures, why is it? I have a big clear red painful bubble in th floor of my mouth.I wear denture therefore my mouth hurts to have my dentures in.
output: Hi, The problem could be due to an injury caused by your denture. Please get it checked by a dentist and if required corrections could be done on the denture to relieve the problem.

input: I have a pic line in my arm due to infection after from breast cancer and plants and yesterday I needed someone to change my pic line and no one was available because it was really wet and itchy so I changed it and it came out a little bit so I just cleaned it up and covered it up and everything and as I was to my antibiotics today I started getting a sore throat.
output: Dear Ma'am, Sorry to hear about your problem. This sore throat is probably not related to the PICC line and this could have occurred because of your low immunity levels due to the cancer. As you are already on antibiotics, you don't need to worry about it. If there is swelling or redness at the site of the PICC line, then you need to visit a doctor and get is changed. Hoping for the best.

input: dr, i am 35 male had a angioplasty on 08.08.08.i gone for a routine med checkup to keep healthy.but later i came to know that my angioplasty was absolutely unnecessary.i was cheated for money or for something else.now i am on medcn aspirin clopidogrl and statins to prevent restenosis.how long i should take medicine?and since my heart is not affected by mi or any other disease , can i have normal life?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You should take aspirin, clopidogrel and statins for lifetime. It is prophylactic Chat Doctor.  You can have normal healthy life.  No need to worry. Just be relaxed. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi,Ive been having a tootache for (approximatley) a week following a filling I hid. At first the pain was in my tooth and spread to around 3 other teeth to the left. However, the pain soon reached the gums like a throbbing pain or heart beat when Im lying down and is getting really painful and unbearable at times. I can now feel a small bump on my upper lip near the teeth. What could it be? (Im seeing my dentist today after I though I could deal with the pain)Thanks,
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The possible cause of plan is because of the tooth infection. The type of pain what you are getting is characteristic feature of pulpits. The lump could be because of the abscess formation. The normal filling will not solve the issue. The tooth has to be treated with RCT or extraction. Take a radiograph to rule out the infection. You can take a course of antibiotics like penicillin and metronidazole combination after consulting the physician. I hope my answer will help you. Take care

input: last night while eating an orange I started to choke.  Iwas coughing quite hard and then I could not get an air. My chest was suddenly very painful and the pain radiated down both my arms. I blacked out and when I came to the orange piece was on the rug beside my mouth and the pain was gone.  What happened to me.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You had choking and aspiration of food particles in trachea. Your symptoms are associated with eating. So by mistake when we aspirate food particles in trachea (wind pipe), it gets blocked. Due to this, we can not get air and hence we feel breathlessness. During this episode our body is deprived of oxygen and so black out is seen. To overcome this, violent coughing (reflex) is done by the body to cough put food particle. Once food particles are out, wind pipe is open, and you can breathe normally. So better to chew properly while swallowing. Do not speak much while eating. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I have just had a piece of tissue removed from upper gum due to bad fitting dentures a large mass of excess tissue has grown,  dentist wants to biopsy it before going ahead and removing it all. He put in some stiches and said they would dissolve. I am worried because of language barrier, I am in Taiwan. I am healthy 50yrs old woman. any help would be great.  Thanks
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Excess tissue growth with ill-fitting denture as you have described is usually harmless referred as Ellis fissuratum. This is usually cause by chronic tissue irritation by an ill-fitting dentures and its response to the soft tissue. Biopsy is usually done to rule out any other lesions including neoplasm. I would suggest you to go ahead with surgical removal of the tissue. After the healing get a new denture done with proper fitting and proper maintenance of the denture. Hope this was useful. Thanks and regards.

input: Hello Dr. I have lower back pain on the left side. I do not get constant pain. It is only when I sit on the floor or do some exercise. I just took tylenol last night and am experiencing relatively less pain, but do have some stiffness. Please help me. Also, I am a little drowsy since morning and am not sure if that is because of the medicine.
output: Hello and thank you for the question. The reason you have back pain while sitting in the floor or exercising is because in those conditions the back muscles maximally come into play. To answer your other question yes one of the known side effects of Tylenol is Chat Doctor. Here are my suggestions:1) switch from Tylenol to flexion MR 500 mg twice a day2) Avoid rigorous exercise for 3 weeks3) Ice pack to your lower left back after exercise hope it helps.

input: sir , first ihad an appendicitis surgery and then after 20 days i again got an stomach pain , when seen in ct scan it resulted as an bowel obstruction and i again undergone a surgery ,,,, now my question is how should i take care of my health and diet process and for how many days ..... wether can i drive two wheelers ,
output: For some time turn a vegetarian. Take fresh vegetable. Every day a seasonal fruit should be included in your diet. Soyabin product can be included. Proper water intake to be maintained. At bedtime a glass of warm milk should be taken. Take less oil or butter for some time.

input: My dad caught a virus in his bloodstream staph aureus which is being treated with antibiotics, however he is a dialysis patient for 9 consecutive years with 2 kidney transplants in 20 years. His heart condition is weak functioning at 10 percent, what are his chances of survival and if not much how long does he have.
output: Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor Star aureus bacterial infection can have varied severity from mild to severe. The presence of reduced kidney and heart function would significantly affect his ability to respond appropriately to treatment, but it is possible that he may recover. Unfortunately no doctor can absolutely accurately predict how long any patient would live but his doctors with daily knowledge of his blood tests and examination findings would be in a better position to determine his prognosis. I hope this helps

input: I have been having lower back pain more to the right side of my back, that varies from lower back to waist level. It sometimes moves around the right side to my lower right abdomen. I feel a bit bloated and draggy. Sometimes the pain is severe; sometimes a dull ache. What could be causing this?
output: Hi, thank you for posting. I have gone through your query and I understand your concerns. Your symptoms are caused by colonopathy. Another possibility is that you may suffer from a kidney disease. To relieve your symptoms you should follow these guidelines:1. Eliminate spicy foods and acidic foods from your diet.2. Do not Chat Doctor. 

input: My butt is really sore bumpy and itchy around anus and cheeks even surrounding vagina, is it bcoz I shaved it when I felt it was itchy??? I m scared! I just suffered from hair dye allergy and my armpits are sore and red too! Also couple times my bowel movement had fresh blood in it!!!!! Help!!!!!!
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, You should test your stool sample for the parasitic infection, some parasitic infection can present the symptoms of blood in the stool and the itching around the anus and vagina. As you are having allergy to hair dye better to avoid that product otherwise it will worsen your condition. I would suggest my patients 1. Oral Albendazole 400 mg, single dose2. Oral Antihistamines3. Topical Anti-infective creams. Thank you.

input: I have had oral thrush now for 5 weeks, I have already swished 3 bottles of nystatin and it does nt stay gone. the aluminin taste is horrible and cannot eat anything spicy. I had been on an antibiiotic and had 2 cortisone injections in shoulders and within 3 days the thrush showed up. The only meds I take ar elavil and ativan .
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, there are several treatment regimens for thrush.1. Nystatin as you are already using it2. Fluconazole once a day for 1-2 weeks is the last resort in medication environmentalist from this some self measure are very helpful1. Maintain proper oral hygiene2. Stop mouthwashes as they destroy microbial balance3. Quit smoking if you do. Visit the dental surgeon(oral medicine specialty) asap. Thanks

input: I am a 30 yr old female with severe anxiety and depression,am taking zoloft, and nuerontin. I have not had a ciggarette since yesterday.i dosed off and it felt like my heart stopped or my breathing one. It was not the same flutter feeling of a palpitation . Any ideas?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your description. I suggest you not to worry too much. You are already suffering from depression and anxiety. The symptom you mentioned here seems to be panic disorder. Panic disorders are usually associated with underlying anxiety disorder. Anxiety is fear of a future event which may or may not happen. Stress and depression may also cause panic disorder. Proper assessment is required to have proper diagnosis and treatment. Please consult a psychologist for psychometric assessment and advise on further treatment methodology. Don't worry about the present symptoms and work with your psychologist for a long term goal and cure. If you need more of my help in this regard, please post a direct query on this portal. I am happy to help you. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: The roof of my mouth feels numb as does the back of my tongue. It started yesterday morning (thurs). Wed night my allergies kicked in at 3am and I had to get up and take an antihistamine to calm it down, though before I took the tablet I spent ages scratching the roof of my mouth with my tongue. Could this be why my mouth feels slightly odd? Im also under alot of stress as I am due to move house in 2 weeks.
output: THESE ARE ALLERGIC REACTIONS AS ANTIHISTAMINE HELP SIT CAN BE DUE TO ANY MEDICINE YOU TOOK FOR OTHERPROBLEMSOR ANYTHING STARTED ALLERGIC REACTIONARY ALLEGRA 120 MG BDS YP GENUS 2 SF TDS CAP OMEPRAZOLE 20 MG EMPTY STOMACHAPPLY ESCORT MOUTH GEL LOCAL APPLICATION ON THE ROOF AND MOUTH MUCOSA WHICH IS HAVING ALLERGY2 WEEK CONTINUE FOR RX

input: HiI have a problem I am addicted to mastrubation since I am 18 year now I am 32 years old  I stop doing this.the problem is my penis turn left side around 10oclock clock wise and I am married a year ago.my testicles are up and down the left one is down . I am getting problem during intercourse it wont be last for 3 minutes it ejaculate after that it drop down any I feel very tired cant able to get back erection.One more question it is good to go with herbal medicine or English medicine I am not sure thats why asking thanks in advance for helping me out from this situation Any information for the issue will be appreciate I live in Chicago city if there is any better doctors please send me the details
output: Hithanks for choosing Chat Doctor Doing masturbation is not harmful, but if u t feeling it is effecting your act with your partner and feeling to hold the ejaculation, then u need some Chat Doctor.  U can start with tab XXXX 12.5 mg once in day and gradually increase the dose up to 37.5 mg. It would cause delay ejaculation, that would increase duration of sex. When u will enjoy sex with your partner, your masturbation habit will decrease. Thanks

input: my mother is suffering from pulmonary fibrosis since two years, every time she is given gupison and tapered gradually, after a period of time from stopping gupison she gets the symptoms again , (SOB, wheezes, and hypoxia) she is on lasix continuously . This time she has been doing great on gupison 20 mg since 3 months. I am thinking to keep her on the same dose to avoid her suffering again, she is already on wheelchair and taking calcium and vitamin D tablets , she is 73 years old . Am I making a mistake?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Pulmonary fibrosis is end stage pulmonary disease with no effective Chat Doctor.  No proven treatment is available.  Gibson is steroid and should be given in low doses if you want to give it for long time. Continue calcium and D3. I advise few more things which helps your mother more.1. Tab perfinodone is newer antibiotic 

input: Im 42yr old male and I have had testosteronenlevels checked. 3xs with kaiser and once with my new insurance blueshied. The results are coming back as 206. In a range of 175_700. I wake up in the morning feeling ok, wanting so badly to get coffee in my system. My diet is in check and I exercise regulary,. Im not over weight. 6ft 160lbs. The issue is, after aprox 1030ish, I feel like I want to crash. I become irratble and really sleepy almost like im on some downer. At night my wife comes home and Im like get ready for bed im exhausted. She asked if I was depressed due to being so snapy and wanting to sleep. Im no doctor but, I would bet my money on the low t. I hear of a lot of men getting prescribed androl and other suplements but my doctors shut the door on me. I cant afford the private HRT to many kids. Can someone let me know what type of doctor I should go see, if my range is low enough that I should receive help. Seems like I keep running into a brick wall when I ask the doctor.Also, if I cant get help throuh the doctors do over the counter test boosters really work or is it a waste of money? I would rather be under doctors care than trying to medicate myself.
output: Hello. Your symptoms are probably secondary to decrease in testosterone levels. The appropriate specialist to treat your pathology is the Endocrinologist Go to Endocrinologist as soon as possible because maybe necessary the prescription of testosterone supplement. I wish you good health.(If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)

input: Age-28,Height-5.5,weight-73,i miscarage of 2 months in Jan 10 due to not aware of such.Planning for last 6 months but not yet conceive.Periods are regular cycle of 30 days consulted doctor this month itself she has prescribed the Folic acid and productive F to me and productive M to my husband.Plz help would this will result in positive and i conceived this months or what treatment i should go for.
output: Hi, I think you should take some medicines like camphene for the growth of your follicles and track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound. Only productive M and F and folic acid will not work.  When follicles reach a size more than 17 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles.  Be in contact with your husband for next 2 to 3 days.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 months. You can do a thyroid profile and prolactin levels just to rule out any other problem. Hope I have answered your question.  If you have any other query I will be happy to help. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: my child is a teenager. they have always been book smart but not so street smart, has a bad temper, is sometimes phyically violent but can also be so loving. we are surprised peers havent beaten up already. my child is almost legal age and getting old for this behavior. we are afraid how they will handle adulthood. also likes to iratate sp ? younger sibing that is in lot of ways more mature. what to do we really love our child very much but our child needs help we dont know how to give.
output: HiWelcome to ChatDoctor  ForumPsychiatric help and behavioral therapy can help here. Takecare.

input: hi,what is the reason for my baby is getting a dark colour( face is quite fair, but body contains dark colour like as dark cloud on her quite fair skin), Genetically, our families became a fair colour, that is only my doubt. and also during my pregnant , i was taken more iron containing foods, dates, tablets etc., was it affect my babys complexion?,, she was pre borned(20 days before on my due date), and she also affect on jaundice,, and taken a photo theraphy treatment,,, which one is cause to her complexion,,
output: It is good question to answer, as all mother should know that by 5-6 months of age babies complexion changes to color which they will be for there lifetime, hence change of color is known in this age ok

input: hello doctor,i m 35yrs old ,hight 5.2 ft,weight 50 kg I m mom of 7 yrs old child ,nw planning for next 1,bt unable to conceive.my hsg s normal,ultrasound report of 10th day s rt.ov-23mm,21mm,16mm, lt .ov-16mm,endometrium-7.2mm... s that normal or not? am I able to conceive?
output: Hi, As age advances chance of conception becomes low because eggs start decreasing in number. Please get serum AMH to know your egg reserve. You may need some ovarian stimulation. Visit gynecologist. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Does being sexually inactive cause back pain?
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor forum, no not at all, who made u think this...exercise daily, keep your sitting posture up right. It will help you in reliving your lower back pain.

input: Hi I am XXXX my sperm count is 60 Million/Ml PH is 8 , i am otheriwse healthy . My wife is 44 years old and her endometiral thickness at day 14th was 8mm and het largest follicle size is 17X17 mm we are married since 2 years and trying to have a baby but still not met sucess please advcice . my mail id is YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, I am Chat Doctor.  The semen analysis report indicates presence of adequate sperm count. But what about the motility? If that is satisfactory, then it is ok.  Try to have intercourse between day 10 to day 18 of the menstrual cycle of your wife.  If required, go for follicular study and try with that.

input: my father is suffering with fever for past2 weeks.crp,liver enzymes are high and rest of the blood test are normal.there is mild pleural effusion.fever will start in the evening and early morning and relive with antipyretics.so doctors cannot able to make a clear diagnosis.please help me doctor
output: Hi, Viral infection can lead elevated liver enzymes. But here fever and pleural effusion present. Hence, pneumonia consolidation and tuberculosis has to be ruled out. For that investigation needed wit:- Chest x-ray digital - Sputum examination- Auscultation - CBC-ADA estimation needed If specific cause found than treated accordingly. For bacterial infection antibiotic needs to be prescribed If on examination yellow sclera found than serum bilirubin estimation done and management for jaundice needed. With keeping my answer in mind consult physician for examination. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I randomly noticed a small pea sized bump inside my belly button. It is blue in color almost like a bruise and is hard.  It does t hurt unless I touch it but even when I do it isnt horribly painful.  What could it be?  I ruled out a hernia, but that still be it?
output: Hi. This is not hernia, otherwise it could have caused you tremendous pain. This is called an umbilical granuloma. Needs to be excise by a Surgeon if you want a permanent cure.

input: I have a huge, hard, dark bump on my forhead, seemingly like a pimple forming! I ve tried to pop it and it got bigger, I ve tried pressing down on it and it got bigger. I iced it, and now I m at the point where I really want to know what it is, and it also really hurts when I touch it and I have no clue where it came from, or when it began forming!
output: Hi and welcome to ChatDoctorthis is probably atheroma, and it can be surgically removed under local anesthesia so consult your surgeon about it. Wish you good health. Regards

input: Curious...I just learned that Im in perimenopause and am deciding if takign a low dosage birth control is my answer to deal with symptoms such as occasional hot flashes, irregular cycles and weight gain?  Not sure how I feel about taking prescription anything but what about natural herbs from an acupuncturist?
output: Hello. The symptoms of menopause are secondary to declining estrogen levels. The most effective way to treat menopause symptoms is hormone replacement therapy with estrogens. However, hormone replacement therapy has to be prescribed with precaution because it can increase the risk of some cancers. Tibolone used for a few months, is a Chat Doctor. Go to your gynecologist for asses and for prescription. I wish you good health.(If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)

input: Hi .. im a fit 35 year old ... i am 62 and weigh approx 84 kgs .. i workout regularly .. lately at night ( last 2/3)  i feel uneasy .. its more mental than physical and i feel kinda awkward .. ive been diagnosed with high bp 140 / 110 ... what could be the reason ?
output: Hi. Good to hear that you are fit and leading a healthy life. High BP can be due to Multiple Factors. These include :-Eating junk foods-High Cholesterol levels-Lack of Physical activity-Diabetes- Sedentary lifestyle In case of patients who are young and have a healthy lifestyle, there may be following possibilities:-Increased Cholesterol levels that run in families-Some problem in Renal Artery suggest you to see your Medical Specialist and undergo a battery of tests to check your Cholesterol levels and get your Renal Artery Doppler Ultrasound. Wish you good health...

input: Hi, i m a case of PCOD , my doc prescribed me fertomid and then thru follicular monitoring study when the ovulation was confirmed, she asked me to take Susten 200 for 15 days. Is it safe to take this tab. I m 31 yr old and trying to conceive for the first time. Also when i took this tab orally i felt light headedness and drowsy feeling as if under the influence of alcohol. Should i continue to take this?
output: Hellothanks for writing to Chat Doctor The tab Austen is safe and helps to support if you are pregnant this month In some women, it causes Chat Doctor.  There is no need of worry It can be used vaginally to overcome these symptoms hope to have answered your query

input: I am 20 years old and have had an extremely itchy dry flaky left nipple, i had a bath at my friends house with this bubble bath and it has been like it since but i went home and had another wash, but her daughter had a rash from it but is fine now, im a bit worried because i have been doing a bit of research and some people recon its cancer which does run through my family both sides
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, it could be eczema condition, and it can be managed with steroid and best would be Mometasone cream some time it may be fungal infection and then Fluconazole cream can be added with this hope this information helps.

input: I ve been having trouble with my breathing for the past year, my doctor thinks it might be asthma, but, I m not too sure about that because I keep having dizzy spells and sharp pain in my chest, ribs and stomach. I don t know, I guess I just wanted to know a second opinion.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Asthma is normally associated with Chat Doctor.  Some persons may only have the cough. It is not likely, based on the symptoms that you mentioned, that asthma is the cause. Chest pain can be due to any structure in the chest from the skin inwards. This includes the skin, muscles, bones, lungs, heart, esophagus. The dizziness may be related to different causes including-heart, anemia, ears, brain. This may also need reassessment. I hope this helps

input: I am  aged 32 female. I am suffering from back pain and numbness over left thigh. The MRI reads that thee is a slight L2-L3 disc extrusion to 2.5 mm compressing deep root nerve and also there is slight indemnation of the nerve. With antiinflammatory drugs and B12 and Vit E and  I get relief.  Should I go for microsurgery ?Please advise.vpriya      YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Question : Should I go for microsurgery ? Answer : You should go for microsurgery. The relief you get through anti-inflammatory 

input: I have my periods mostly the third week of the month ever since I got an abortion . They gave me birth control and its supposed to make me have my periods the fourth week. The first month I took it I got it the third week and now its month two and no period. I had unprotected sex and I missed my period. I sleep a lot some days and less somedays. At first I had a nightmare of a ghost haunting me woke up crying then the next night of my family killing me. Me and my boyfriend have been fighting. I think im getting mood swings I dont know. My boobs arent sore. I get very bad headaches . And I feel extremely dizzy most of my day. I took two pregnancy tests and they came out negative and I also cant see a doctor. What is your perspective on this?
output: Hello, Oral contraceptive pill has some side effects like irregular period or bleeding, headache/ migraine, nausea/ vomiting, breast tenderness, fatigue, irritability, decreased libido, weight gain & mood changes. These will overcome gradually until your body is adjusted with hormone. However, I suggest undergoing one blood test for beta-ChatDoctor (most reliable) to exclude or confirm pregnancy. Take healthy diet, Chat Doctor. Good luck.

input: I missed a pill on thursday n took it late friday n now i have my period again after just having it a week ago could missing my pill give me my period again ive not been stressed or nething n yes my boyfriend n i have unprotected sex but he always pulls out
output: Dear Madam, I think it is break through bleeding or with ChatDoctor.  

input: hello doctor am sindhu, am taking akt4 daily after my dinner,from the day i start using that am feeling burning sensation in my throat and indigestion in the nights ,i dont know why it is happening should i take any another tablet for this or what,please tell me the remedy for this problem................
output: Hi, Yes, these are suggestive of the side effects of AKT-4 tablet. Based on the history you seem to be suffering from stomach acidity issues apparently caused by the anti-TB medication AKT-4. Take AKT-4 tablet 2 hours after the first meal and using pantoprazole plus risperidone can relieve these side effects. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi there I am a 25 year old male. I aim to keep healthy and eat well however lately have been noticing that I am frequently mildly short of breath, even when at rest. It can be at various points during the day and for no real apparent reason and frequently causes me to yawn, feel tired or have limited concentration. Sometimes I feel so tired and almost wheezy that my voice sounds different... almost as if its not getting all the air it usually does behind it. When I was around 14 my parents often told me they thought I may have asthma, however this was never diagnosed and I mostly just ignored it as it wasn t too noticeable to me. 8 Years ago I went for a routine check up and the Doctor mentioned that I had a heart murmur. Again it was never fully looked at as never really noticed it (except for the odd flutter now and again which I considered normal). Now recently i ve been noticing that I m short of breath more frequently, daily even. So I went to the hospital for an unrelated matter last week and whilst was there thought id mention all the above. The shortness of breath has seemed to have affected my confidence lately. They gave me a pre-operative ECG and noticed that it had an incidental RBBB on the charts. Therefore, my question is whether there a chance that these symptoms could all be connected and what might that reason by? Could the murmur, RBBB and mild shortness of breath all be completely separate or possibly something more serious? I know you cant diagnose as such, however i m just looking for thoughts whilst I await an appointment with the Doctor. For info, whilst in hospital my resting pulse rate was 69 (although i ve noticed that can be about 75 at rest on other occasions), and my BP was 129 over 89 at rest which I think is normal. Many thanks
output: Hello, Right, Bundle Branch Block (RBBB) is a common finding in many young patients. The Heart murmurs may be normal in a young patient too. Shortness of breath and change in voice may be from the heart or lungs. I recommend you thorax radiography and echocardiography. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: i had tonsillitis with some bronchitis almost 4 to 5 weeks ago and i still get a cough every now an them from laughing or running but i dont smoke but in the past i been around smokers also i took antibiotics and i am pretty sure i dont have asthma considering this never happened to me before.
output: Hello, thank you for posting your query in Chat Doctor. Passive smoking has harmful effects same as the smoking that cause health hazards. Tobacco smoke contains 200 to 4000 toxic chemicals including nicotine, carbon monoxide, formaldehyde which cause heart diseases, lung diseases like bronchitis, asthma, middle ear infections, tonsillitis and symptoms like cough, sore throat, nose irritation. If I were your treating doctor I would like to get these tests done.1. Blood tests to rule out infections2. Chest x ray3. ECG to rule out cardiac causes. I would come up with following possibilities like asthma, bronchitis, I would suggest you to consult a pulmonologist for further evaluation.  Wish you good health.

input: my daughter got a quetip and i was in the other room i heard her start crying i ran in and she tried to use a quetip and she was crying hard and when i seen the quetip there was a spot of blood and now she has fallen asleep and seemed ok and she just now started crying a bit and her ear was a little bloody and earlier it wasent should i take her to the emergency room
output: Dear parent, you need to get the child assessed by an ENT doctor as she might have a perforated ear Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello.. today i had a negative pregnancy test result..i had 11 days ago two embryo transfer great quality 5 days old...i am 34 years old..I still did not get a period but two days ago i had a brownish one time spot bleed....my reason to have a ivf is because i have blocked fallopino tube..and right one had ectopic pregnancy which resulted in natural misscarige without surgery...this ivf attemed was second time as frozen transfer...i am woundering what to do next..all my cycle were great..i had 22 eggs 16 fertilised...6 embryo great qulity 5 days old...but still not pregnant...which investigation you will recommend me for the future...i would like to thank you in advance..kind regards.
output: Hello, I know it is disheartening to have this all. You need to get an endometrial biopsy for evaluation of implantation failure In case you have any questions in future you can contact me directly on http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: my younger has been suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder for the last 10 years. he becomes averse to his compulsory medicine once in a year. we were somehow managing it and restoring him to normalsy. now it is becoming tough to manage him. could you pl. suggest the place where we can permanantly admit him so that he can be taken care of amongst the people suffering from similar ailments.
output: My dear friend, OCD is indeed a very difficult disease, but it is treatable with medicines and behavior therapy. Medicines help only up to 20 30 percent but behavior therapy helps to control the problems. For this treatment you need to visit any mental institution like PGI Chandigarh or simians Bangalore. His problem will take time, but he will be manageable once treatment starts properly.

input: Sir I am 32 Years old. I have undergone kidney transplant in jul-2011. My creatinine level was stable on 1.5. I want to that is there any effect of excercise on creatinine level. As last week I got my blood check imediatly after the excercise and my creatinine level was 2.1. Please help me
output: HiT hanks for your query. Exercise is unlikely to cause such a sudden increase in creatinine. So please consult your nephrologist immediately to determine the cause of rising creatinineHope this helps Good luck

input: My mother was told, after having brain scan, that she has some calcification on her frontal lobe. She has to go in for another scan soon. We are wondering what kinds of things (diseases/conditions etc) could be diagnosed? The doctored seemed to change the subject, clearly wanting to wait (understandably) for another test.
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. There are different brain lesions that may have as their part calcifications. These include low grade glial tumors, benign Meningiomas, cavernous (vascular malformation), or may be simple calcifications of brain parenchymal related to age. Cerebral MRI with gadolinium is needed to evaluate the true nature of the lesion. Hope this helps. If you have further questions feel free to ask.

input: I believe I am 5 weeks pregnant and have been taking tetrasyl for several months. We had IVF to conceive our first child so did not believe it was possible to fall pregnant naturally otherwise I would not have carried on taking tetrasyl. How dangerous is this to our unborn child? Very concerned and would appreciate some advice.
output: Hi there,Tetras is an antibiotic which is not recommended to be taken in pregnancy, but it is not known to cause any major defect in the baby if taken during the first trimester. Studies have shown that it effects the baby if taken after 4 months of pregnancy, causing the babies teeth to be discolored and can cause hardening and cause excess calcification of teeth and bones which is irreversible. But, since you are exposed to tetracycline at such an early gestation it is very unlikely to have affected your baby. Only minor abnormalities are known to occur in few women. Do not be overly concern and get a NT scan at 11 weeks and an anomaly scan done at 20 weeks to check for anomaly. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: My husband of 17 years has changed his personality over night, he has shacked up with a known whore and his values, morals and responsabilities have gone out of the door.  He has parrots he has had for 30 years that mean nothing to him, he acts like him and I never existed.. He use to come home from work, eat, watch tv and sleep for 17 years and now he goes away every weekend, goes out to dinner every night, the whore has six kids and grandkids (he hates kids) and she has nine dogs that he is allergic to.  He has shuned his foster family, his parents, his friends and my parents. For t his one white trailer trash person.  Nothing makes sense.  I am concerned he maybe doing something illegal - over night he changed. Is this possible.  nancy
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  From the description it could be seen that the person could be suffering from borderline personality disorder. Early diagnosis and treatment could clear the problem. Please consult psychologist or psychiatrist. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi I am 36 years old and a mother of two daughters, I am trying to conceive since last four months but I am unable to, my ganache has suggested me to take Fertyl 50 mg from the 5th day for 5 days, EV Tab for 10 days and also use susten 100 mg twice a day. Along with Folnew tab will all this help me in conceiving ?
output: HelloAssumed that everything is all right, because you got two pregnancy before this. Now your gynecologist advise you to take clonidine or ferry 50 mg for s days from 5th day of menstruation, as this Chat Doctor. While Austen (progesterone) will help in pregnancy maintenance (avoid miscarriage) . While E V and fol new will act as supplement for pregnancy. So, if everything will be in right direction, you will get pregnancy. Good luck.

input: Hi! docs. Actually I ve not started recieiving pimples yet but i dont want them to come .So is there any remedy for preventing them????? I m 13 years old
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor Good Dimples are common for your age. You can avoid eating spicy food, oily food, fatty food. Also, Chat Doctor.  Eat fresh fruits and vegetables and also green leafy vegetables every day. Exercise daily. Sleep for 6-8 hours a day. This will help keep you fit and boost your immunity to fight infections.

input: hello po doc... i am weng from the Philippimnes. i hav a 6 mos old baby girl n starting to feed her with cerelac and i noticed rashes on her face n body...is it because of the weather or from cerelac baby food?hope to hear from u soon. thank u so much
output: Thanks for consulting in Healthcare, your daughter has allergic reaction, you should give to her antihistamine medicine. Pay attention when rash appear after Carla or other ? Then exclude it. Wash her face with boiled cooling water. If she has Chat Doctor.  You also check analysis-blood test, see especially eosinophils, stool analysis, stool for disbacteriosis for bacteria and sensitivity, stool for ova and cyst Best regardsGrow quicker

input: I have a 39 year old son, who 6 weeks ago had a lower wisdom tooth removed. He now has bad painin his lower front 2 or 3 teeth and sometime only one and under his tongue. sometimes tip of tongue burning.he has been back to dentist twice, and to 2 oral surgeons, one numbed his front teeth, and alvorie and lingualnerve to try to find out where pain was coming from, he hit the lingual nerve with needle, said it was up higherthan normal, said the alvore nerve looked ok from x ray, Cant find any one to diaganose problem with mri or anything, no one knows what to do, other than give pain killers, ambient to sleep, steroids, he still cant sleep for the pain.Help!
output: Hi, it appears that the pain is only due to the infection. The removal of the wisdom tooth is a lumbar some process, with the breaking of the alveolar margin of the jaw bones, which may damage the nerves and vessels of the jaw. It also may be due to pressure on the trigeminal nerve, so it may cause trigeminal neuralgia. So I advise you to consult a neurologist for diagnosis.  I to my patient with such symptoms prescribe ofloxacin, ornidazole, serratiopeptidase, and anti-inflammatories. Thank you.

input: I ve been experiencing sensations as if my brain is shaking inside. When this happens, I ve noticed that my vision is clearly moving in a rapid up and down motion. I had an MRI and CT and EEG, an there were no adnormalities. I have also been diagnosed with Vertigo resulting from the inner ear.
output: Hello, You may have a condition known as OSCILLOPSIA which refers to fields of vision that are in motion with head movements.  The underlying pathological mechanism involves a loss of image stabilization by loss of reflex control of eye muscle control when a person has their gaze fixated.  Things such as toxicity, infection (most importantly meningitis) or side effects from antibiotics can cause the condition.  Desalinating disease such as MS can also cause this condition, as well as abnormal movements of the eyes referred to as nystagmus. I recommend you seek an opinion from a NEURO-OPHTHALMOLOGIST.  Vertigo from inner ear problems will not produce this phenomenon. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Doctors But My name is ronald im masturbate this last year maybe 2 times a days Still now i masturbate 2 times a week but i wanna know why my left Forarm Muscles and Chest Muscles Is unbalanced And the Right Side of my body is larger how it is happen or what is the cure for it?
output: Hi, Your muscle mass doesn't have any connection with masturbation. If there is a big difference get a direct checkup. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi i got kicked by a horse 3 days ago my elbow. Its still swollen and it hurts to touch. I can move it in all directions but does hurt when doing so and is stiff. My lower arm ( just under the elbow) aches aswell if i dont keep busy and takes me a while to get to sleep be ause of the achey pain. Could i maybe have a hairline fracture.
output: Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. The lump on your elbow could be due to collection of blood caused by the kick by the horse. This would normally get absorbed in a few days if there is no more active oozing. If I were your doctor, I would advise you for an anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Also, a cold compress and rest to the elbow with a supporting sling would add to hastening of the improvement. If it persists or the pain increases, I would then advise you to consult an orthopedic surgeon in your area for a possible radiological investigation and further management. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Hi I have something hanging off the inside part of my upper lip in front of my front two teeth . It is hanging superficially and I noticed it a couple days ago, but it has become more prominent. It is nonpainful, easily move-able, and is flat, smooth and kind of circular. When I left my lip it I can see it pretty clear, I thought it seemed cystic but I am not sure anymore. Please let me know what it could be. I brush regularly but havent dont anything else to it.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor ! On your description - not painful, hanging (which I assume you mean not firmly attached but mobile) and the recent onset - I can tell that there is no likelihood of serious infection or dental cyst/tumor. It could be a granuloma or a papilloma. All conditions are self regressing and you don't have to worry. Try not to disturb it though, and if you develop signs of infection (reddening, fluid discharge, multiple sores in mouth etc.) get it attended immediately. If papilloma or granuloma increases in size and interferes with normal oral functions, it can be surgically removed under local anesthesia. Hope this helps! Thanks.

input: I stayed up pretty late last night, went to sleep at 11:30. I woke up today at around 5:30 having a stomach ache, went to the bathroom, thinking that was it i went back to sleep, but i woke up later at around 7:00 still having a stomach ache. I decided to take Alka Seltzer but as soon as i took some i threw up, i felt slightly better after throwing up, and dosed off, but now im fully awake and my stomach still hurts. How can i relieve the stomach ache?
output: HI.Maybe you have to take an antibiotic with anti-spasmodic tablets. Watch out for any other symptoms you develop. IF they develop, better to see a Doctor.

input: hi my name is raja and i am 27 years old from mumbai...i got these frustrating problems of pimples and acars with pores for 12 years...i have never been to any doctor ...so now i am trying to permanently solve this problem...i need suggestions on which is the best dermatologist in mumbai for treatment
output: Hi!, Welcome To Chat Doctor forum, Raja its important that you first take treatment for your acne and then try for the scars. I am not in Mumbai, but have friends in Mumbai who are doing good in dermatology. They even have lasers in their practice. One of the dermatologist whom you can contact is Chat Doctor. .his contact number is 9820980639... You can give my reference if you want. He is quite a busy doctor as he has his branches in Mumbai, bangalore, UDP and Mangalore. You can contact him and discuss in detail. Regards,

input: Im 17 and I am not that much sexually active. My young mind I believe is just scarring the living crap out of me! About 2 months ago my penis was just fine. But now I see changes. The head is missing minor layers of skin(really small) and Im starting to get brown looking skin patches on my penis please inform me so I can calm down. My partner has went to the clinic and got tested and we had unprotected sex but the results came back negative.
output: HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. Your problem is most likely due to fungal infection. If you send a picture of it then it will be more helpful to analyze the condition.  For such cases in my patients i advice ointments witChatDoctorbination of antifungal like fluconazole and corticosteroid like quinolone for local application. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.

input: I am 17 years old and I haven t had a period in over a year and I still had a pregnancy scare recently and took 4 pregnancy tests all said positive except for the last one and it was negative. Now, about a month has passed and there is this lump towards the left center side of my stomach, it was sore for a while but isnt all the time, but it usually hurts when i get a cramp. what could it be?
output: Hi, Dear thanks for the query to Chat Doctor virtual Clinic. I studied your query in all the details put forth by you. I understood your health concerns. Cause of the health problems you queried-The lump which is sore and hurts when you get the cramps, could be due to IBS with spastic colon, as its very common. This lump is towards the left center side of your stomach/abdomen. As I don't have any direct photo of the lump / or not many details from you, I would advise you to consult ER surgeon who would rule out other causes as Femoral hernia, Inguinal hernia/Spiegelman hernia. Hope this would resolve your query with full satisfaction. Welcome for any further query in this regard to ME by direct question at Chat Doctor. Write excellent review and hit thanks, to narrate your experience, which would improve my rating for many other visitors to Chat Doctor. Wishing you fast recovery. Have a good day. Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Consultant. M.S. Genl-CVTS

input: Dear doctor, I am chandra shekar from bangalore. Sir my 1yrs old child is not eating properly at all he will take atleast 1 or 2 hours time to eat & in some times he wont eat anything pls tell any solution which makes every children eat s time to time properly. Thank you
output: Dear user about your question I would like to tell you that loss of appetite in infants has some causes, and we should find your possible cause of them....we have two common possibilities of that....first is psychological factor .if the infant has psychological or emotional troubles that will lead to loss of appetite examples of psychological troubles is being punished for eating...if you tried to force him to eat his desire for eating will decrease as there is someone always try to feed him even if he wants and so his sense of appetite decreased because of that......2nd cause is your infant may have iron deficiency anemia and this anemia always causes loss of appetite ...this anemia is common at that age as iron administration not enough in milk, so we always give prophylactic iron therapy to infant at age of 10 month as the anemia will begin.........wish your baby healthy life

input: I have heaviness on the left front side of my head. I get continuous infection on ear nose and mouth(inside cheek getting thickened).This is there for the last 5 years . I tried allopathic ,Ayurveda and homeopathy. The first two are giving relief but not getting a cure. your advice please,
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have constant infection in ear, nose and mouth . Mouth infection can occur due to condition like canker sore. Canker sore is mucosal reaction to various things like hot and spicy food, acidic food, seafood, dental appliances and nuts. There can be other reasons also like deficiency of vitamin B12, folic acid and some underlying disease like crowns. Sometimes infection can spread from ear to upper respiratory track and vice versa and spread to oral cavity also or post nasal Chat Doctor.  I would suggest you to :-- Find out what exactly causes these ulcer like food allergens.- Maintain proper oral hygiene and do mouthwash rinses (Listerine) twice a day.- Rinse your mouth with HY

input: I took a fall on the ice but did not hit my head, I just stretched my back and neck which I felt the next day. But the following day I had dizzieness and loss of ballance. Then it went away for a day and came back worse the next day. I am still experiencing it four days later. what is the problem?
output: Hello! I understand your concern. In my opinion the dizziness and imbalance you have may be related to a cervical spine problem. It may be just degenerative changes of the bones or the disc, pressing on your vertebral artery which supplies the brain. I would recommend you a X-ray of cervical column. Heat procedures and a cervical collar would improve your situation. I would also recommend betahistine twice daily or finalizing for the dizziness. Hope to have been helpful! Thank you for using Chat Doctor! Best wishes 

input: when i picked my daughter(2years old) up from day care yesterday i noticed she kept sticking her tongue in out of her mouth...she did this the rest of the night and did not fall asleep until 7 this morning after she woke up this morning she has continues to stick her tongue in and out of her mouth...its seems to be involuntary
output: Hi.... I understand your concern. As she has started doing it suddenly, I feel that she has picked it up on seeing some other kid doing it at the daycare. Usually this is the most common cause of kids picking up habit like this. She will forget and be out of it. Don't worry. Regards - 

input: lately i have had a lot of left arm pain. Underneath my elbow on my inner arm. Sometimes it will make my left hand hurt as well. Today it reached my shoulder but went away quickly. I noticed the pain gets more intense when i smoke a cigarette but not always so i m not sure.
output: Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to a pinched nerve if the arm. I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the pain. I also suggest maintaining the arm immobilized to prevent further damage. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi my age is 62 yrs, I had 3 times liver infections before and severe problems in past, but cured due to strict diet & medicine the reason was i think I used to take alcohol much. my daily routine is - For my office work i have to go out of city daily and come back home daily. stress and travelling involve in my daily life. This year from past few months i am having light fever everyday and i started taking alchohal for sound sleep. one day i did my all checkups AND TEST prescribed by my doctor. My test reports are normal but two three things are higher like- my ESR LEVEL- 52MM IN1ST HR (ref range is -0-10 mm in 1st hr) SGPT - 46 IU/L (REF RANGE- upto 44IU/L) uLTRASOUND Suggest- Liver- measures 168 mm in mid calvicular line, with fatty echotexture. B/L RENAL CYST . Now pls. suggest is everything is normal or this is sign of something big...what diet should i follow to cure this?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum, these are sign for developing liver disease. So first thing to cure this is-avoid alcohol which is dangerous for you-try to be tension free by changing in lifestyle, yoga, exercise, meditation whatever you feel comfortable.-take homeopatChatDoctoredicine to prevent and cure this problem permanently.

input: Hi, I m 22 and have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis on my face, scalp and torso. I ve exhausted most topical creams and ointments, taken courses of steroids with no real results. Would phototherapy be my next course of action. Is thinking about biologics too radical?
output: Hello. Thank you for writing to topical treatment with ointments and lotions is usually combined with systemic treatment/ oral treatment for psoriasis involving > 20% body surface area. Phototherapy, though is a good choice for extensive body involvement with plaque psoriasis, however, certain body sites like scalp are resistant even to phototherapy. Apart from phototherapy Oral methotrexate is a well known treatment for plaque psoriasis and can be considered in a healthy young adult. Biologics like golimumab, ustekinumab are not first line options in a young patient with limited involvement with plaque psoriasis. Scalp involvement responds well to topical steroids lotions with or without salicylic acid. Vitamin D analogues e.g. calcitriol/ calcitriol lotions are also effective in scalp psoriasis. I suggest that you visit a dermatologist in your region. Your dermatologist will assess the severity of involvement and advice accordingly. Regards

input: dear sir, i have some question regarding my lil sister which is suffering from chronic ulcerative colitis, loose motion, indigestion,abdominal pain, stomach pain, anxiety. we have done with all the necessary test which are LFT/KFT typhoid test, thyroid test, endoscopy, colonoscopy, and everything and all the test shown negative. Doctors of our place are unable to find diagnosis and she had several medicine relating stomach, colon, antibiotics, anxiety but no use at all. so plz tell me your comment and recommendation if you have any clue regarding this unknown disease.
output: Hello, Actually, it is very difficult to find the cause for Ulcerative Colitis. We have looked hard to find either an infection or something in the diet that might be causing the disease, but have Chat Doctor. For a while it seemed that Ulcerative colitis might be one of those diseases where the body seemed to be attacking itself. We now think that very unlikely, but there is no doubt that something must be causing damage to the lining of the large intestine. As the cause is still not identified, there is no cure for this disease. All treatments available at present are directed towards reducing the amount of inflammation in the bowel. Fortunately, for most patients with Ulcerative colitis, medicines prove effective, although it is possible that your treatment may need to be varied to find the 

input: I am supposed to tap (pound) my wifes back where her kidneys are to help the stones she had sonically? shattered. We are having a disagreement about where kidneys are located in a human being so I thought I would search the web for an answer. Can you help?
output: Kidneys are located at the loin level on both sides of the abdomen in the area above the waist line and below rib cage.

input: Hi, about a year ago I suddenly woke up during the night with the urge to vomit! Now, i m what you called Emetephobic (fear of throwing up) so obviously, i did everything I could to not throw up and i didn t. But the pain in abdominal area did not seem to go away. Every evening after this particular night at around 8pm (it seemed like someone was just turning on a switch) I would get very hot, sweaty, i would get the shakes, feel dizzy, weak, stomach cramps and sometimes pains and nauseous. I did used to get some sort of relief after having deficating. It would feel like needing to go for a normal size number 2 but literally only a nugget or 2 would pass. This lasted for about 3 months and I was getting to the point where it took away my appetite , I wasn t eating whatsoever, my weight have dropped quite considerably (considering I used to weight lift and stay on a healthy diet), I was about 13/14 stone , it dropped to around 10/11 stone, i m an avid footballer, and i even had to quit playing for my team for a month as I was so ill. Anyway I went to the doctors and they gave me medicine for high levels of acid in my stomach so i took them. Admittedly, they did seem to work but after a while they wore off and I began to feel those symptoms all over again. I went back and they gave me a higher dosage. After a while, everything seemed to just stop and I was fine again, so I started to exercise and eat again...but after 2-3 weeks, well, here we go again! :( ...dizzy, hot, sweaty, nausia, cramps and pains...I eventually got a blood test done which read that my thyroxine levels were a little high, I am due another another one soon to compare. I ve also had an Ultrasound scan done and the nurse who did it, said everything seemed fine, but I ve yet to go to my GP and hear what she has to says about those results. But anyway, right now, I m still getting these symptoms, my stools appear to be alot more normal though, i m back to exercising and eating healthily once again but still with the symptoms pretty much every week, it s just been so long now, i ve kinda got used to it all and just putting up with it! as no-one seems to know what the f*@k is going on! :( this last year has been so horrible! I just want to be me again! everytime I get asked to go out and meet friends in the evenings, i mostly say no as I just know, when it comes that time of the evening, these symptoms will kick in. Does anyone know what is going on?????
output: Hello, Your symptoms with loss of weight and appetite may be more alarming normal ultrasound does not rule out everything. Meet a good gastroenterologist in your area, you may require an Upper GI Endoscopy. Wish you an early recovery.

input: My 12 month old son suffered a skull fracture when he was just a 11 days old. He went to a neuorologist had all his follow up visits. I was told he was fine and I should have nothing to further worry about. Yesterday, I noticed an long indentation on the side where the fracture was. I do not recall feeling this before. He doesn t act like he s in pain or anything but now Im worried something is wrong. Can you help?
output: Hi, since your child has fracture skull at 11 days of life, and you have neurological visits at that time this doesn't seems alarming. It may be an old impression of the fracture. If the child has achieved all the milestones normally and there is no history of recent trauma, it will not be a matter of concern. However, an MRI should be done to see if there is an intracranial abnormality and a visit to neurologist should be done so that we don't miss any findings. I hope this will help you. Take care.

input: friend s 9-yr old daughter got angry with her 6 yr-old brother an repeatedly kicked him in the stomach. He is sore, but has no immediate swelling (now 45-minutes post trauma) and though tender in the abdomen and slightly tender in the ribs, has no difficulty breathing. He has not coughed up any blood, nor is there any in the urine at this time. What signs/symptoms should she be looking for that would require an ER visit? (They are far away and transportation and money are both concerns.)
output: Hello. I just read through your question. Typically, the first hours after being hit are the most painful. With each passing day he should feel improvement and after several days it should be gone. If the pain worsens of the next 1-2 days, that would be a good time to travel to the ER. If not, you don't have to go.

input: L fell on Saturday onto my right upper quid ant and it only started hurting on Tuesday.  Hurts more so when I take a deep breath.  Went to the emergency room on Wednesday. Diagnosed me with colitis. I forgot to ell them about the fall I dont feel it is colitis.  It is not the same kind of hurt  they did not do an X-ray or CT.  Did do lots of blood work .. One was to check for blood lot.  All test were good. I need to go back and let them know about the fall. It is very uncomfortable still.  Scared it is phemonthorax or a blood clot???
output: HI. The pain has developed after 3 days. It is possible that the secretions of pleura are getting absorbed, so you get pain on inspiration. But it is very important to get the CT chest and abdomen as the injuries which manifest after a gap of few days can really be dangerous as we have seen in practice. Go back and Visit for the tests. You may need admission

input: Hi, today when I took a shower I noticed that on the foreskin of my penis there were about 6 or 7 very small brown dots raised above this skin forming a circle shape around my penis hole. I havent had sex in months, and this is the first time I have noticed it. The spots do not hurt and there is no discharge.
output: HelloThanks for query. The brown spots on your foreskin are mostly what is called as Forces Spots . Normally the sebaceous glans all over the body Chat Doctor. However, in this case few of these glands called as Accessory sweat glands 

input: i m 36 yr old, my height is 531/2 nd weight is 56kg. i hv done my 3rf ivf which was also failed . My idc told me, my uterine cavity is slightly smaller than normal but she want to take one chance more and now she prescribe productive-f tablet for improvement.Can u suggest me a right path , should i take more chance of ivf or not and can i conceive in my life or not.
output: Usually chances of getting pregnant after in vitro fertilization are thirty to forty percent. So don't get disheartened. Can try once more

input: I have a static feeling in my chest when I exhale.  I was in to see Dr. 2 weeks ago, my ears popping, and I had fluid in my ears.  They said I have a sinus infection, but two different perscriptions of antibiotics later, my symptoms are not getting ant better.  Do I have pneumonia?
output: This may be a combination of URI with LETI. You should get a chest X-ray done to rule out any pathology for your chest discomfort. Ear discharge will get resolved once your sinus infection is cleared.

input: My wife has: severe back pain in kidney area (test showed no stones); elevated white blood cell count (test showed no tumors in abdomen); foot and toe cramping; pain has went from 2 to 9 on a scale level in 4 weeks.  (no injury has taken place); Blood in urine (diagnosed).
output: Hi, Looking to the history it seems that there might be having acute urinary tract infection giving rise high W B Count backache and generalized body ache. Having blood in urine possibility of having stone in kidney is likely. Go for Ultra sound kidneys if you required. Go for one antibiotic medicine course for 5 days.Meanwhile, take ibuprofen type medicine for pain and backache. Take plenty of water. Ok and take care.

input: My father has multiple stones in his gall bladdr with severe pain.after ultrasound we came to know.there is also swelling on the wall of it.i want to know is it dangerous? Can the gal bladdr burst? Doctor said we will do surgery after 4 to 5 weeks when swelling will end
output: HelloYour father is rightly advised for surgery after 4-5 weeks. Findings suggests acute calculus cholecystitis means acute infection of gall bladder due to calculus. Definitive treatment in this condition is surgical removal of gall bladder, but it is wise to operate after control of infection. There can be more complications if it is operated at this stage. Surgery can be done microscopically. Recovery is fast by this procedure. Present condition can be managed by antibiotics and analgesics.Don't worry about this. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: This started about 2 or 3 days ago but out of nowhere the top part of my butt crack is hurting now if only I sit on that part or if I touch a bit hard(meaning Im touching the part and a bit pushing). I checked in the mirror and it seemed that it was a bit red at that area. I am an 18 year old male and I usually sit on my chair in my room to use the laptop. Is this the cause of me sitting too much in weird positions? Like I dont sit up straight, I like sitting sluggishly, taht is the part where it hurts usually is the part touching the chair base which if you sit straight it doesnt, and I like putting my feet up on the desk because I feel more comfortable and I cant sit still for 10 minutes. What might be the cause of my pain which is not too bad right now but it feels like it is getting worse. I can handle pain but I am concerned about my health.
output: Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to sciatica pain. I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the symptoms. I also suggest using cold compresses to relieve the pain. Furthermore, I recommend stretching exercises for relieve.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My boyfriend tripped and hit a edge of a wall, inner bruising on arm and leg, both swelling, Knee feels like it popping, constant burning sensation above inner calf muscle unable to straighten or bend knee. What should I do to help ease the pain? Does he need to go to the hospital?
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. From description, it seems to be soft tissue injury. Swelling might be due to hematoma formation(collection of blood). You need an x-ray to rule out any bony injury. I suggest you to consult an orthopaedician nearby for a detailed examination. You may get the X-ray of the area affected under his/her guidance. Beside icing and elevating it, you can take anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Hope this helps. Let me know if you have any more concern. Warm Regards.

input: Hi i am 28 yr old, i am going with infertility treatment , i took letroz 5 days,, and on 11th day i took Decapeptyle injection as my Doctor suggest me,, today when i took decapeptyle injection i noticed red hives after few minutes redness gone and now its of skin colour . Is it Side effoct of injection? if yes then this injection will work ? or it has been waste due to side effect?
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorRead your prob, lento is ovarian stimulant, helps in ovulation, that injection also helps in ovulation by follicular rupturing. Its side effect is local allergic reaction what you had after taking it. Soonly it subsided so nothing to worry. You should get follicular study also so that you come to know about your ovulation time n fruitful period.

input: I also have been experiencing a lower left abdominal vibration, no pain. Started on July 18th. I had been painting and scraping the garage, on a ladder. thought maybe this triggered something. It went on, off and on for 2 weeks. We went to visit our son and NYC. Put on 45 miles walking. no problem. Came home. Off and on vibration started again, then stopped completely for ;7 days. Now back again. I am 64, weight about 148, take advair for asthma. The vibration is annoying and scary because I don t know what is causing it and hoped after it had stopped for 7 days that it would go away on its own.
output: Hi. Regards. Thanks for an elucidated history, which say you have walked 45 miles too. This indicates that there is no intra-abdominal problem. The vibration in the left lower abdomen looks to be due to the tics of the musculature of that part of the abdominal wall possibly due to a pinched nerve, or an automatic discharge of the nerve or may be a disc in the thoracic region. Get examined by an Orthopedic Surgeon / General Surgeon to get a physical examination done, an ultrasonography of the abdomen and an MRI of the thoracolumbar spine. Relax, this is not a serious problem, although it is definitely an irritating one.

input: I have had blood in my urine for 5 days now. Day one, I went to the ER in a lot of pain and found out I have several stones in my kidneys, including one that hasnt passed that is 3mm in size. I am in intermittent pain still, that is mostly in my lower back and wraps down the right side of my lower abdomen. I feel a lot of bloating and pressure. I went to the Urgent Care yesterday and they read the CT scan from day one, I havent had an ultrasound, should I get one? I am an athlete, am on a reality TV show, and am competing in two weeks and it is going to be filmed, for my work. What can I do, to speed up this process, I need to be practicing asap, but the Urgent Care Dr. said I shouldnt be doing anything physical strenuous for 5 more days, at least.
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. 3 mm size of stone is not large size, and it will pass in urine very easily. Plenty of fluid of different types(juice, water with lemon, soft Chat Doctor.  In my patient I usually use diuretic 

input: My friend has problem of excessive protein around his heart and kidneys which cause him great difficulty in breathing. I forgot the name of the problem, something like acelodosis.  What does he need to do because the doctors he is visiting dont seem to be helping at all.
output: Dear user, I think the right word is "amyloidosis". This is a very though disease, that may be caused by lots of conditions, in particular monoclonal proteins or chronic infections. He should be followed by an experienced hematologist in the field, since prognosis is poor. You will find excellence in Mayo Clinic, in particular 

input: hi i am a 27 year old female and i have had severley chapped lips for about 7 months. i have tried everything on them - vaseline, carmex, blistex, honey etc and nothing helps. they constantly are peeling and a white coating appears which is quite hard to rub off. it was all on the bottom lip but in last few weeks the centra point of top lip keeps peeling to leave a very red patch underneath, looks scabby which just highlights how off colour my lips are. the gp prescribed daktacort which did nothing and then hydrocortisone cream and still no improvement. they look and feel awful and i have lost all my confidence as everyone stares at them. please help
output: Hiapply Venusian cream five times a day.don't remove scab. Apply mo mate cream at night.don't go in windy, Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 29 years old. I am trying to conceive for the last 7 months but didn t work. I have been taking folvite and cheri for the last 2 months. This month, the doctor advised me to take the placentex injection therapy for 10days. I have undergone lower abdomen scan, thyroid tests and husband semen test. Reports are normal. My history was I had 3 abortions followed by dnc in my first marriage but now I am not able to conceive. Can you plz suggest me something.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have read your question. I would like to reply as below:1) The reason for abortion should be identified.2) Please get diagnostic hysterolaparoscopy test done to check if there is some problem in uterus. If you have any further queries, let me know so that I can help you much better. Wish you good health.

input: Hi I just got a tooth pulled at 4 pm today and I didnt form a blood clot and all I see is 2 little white strings hanging out does that mean I have a dry socket he told me I will probably get that sense I didnt form a bloodclot Im really worried please help
output: Hello, thank you for consulting with Chat Doctor. Please do not take tension, as the blood clot which forms in the socket will not be visible to you and Chat Doctor. 

input: My mother is having severe pain from left side of the abdomen and from lower left back since 6 hours. She is having a little burning sensation while passing urine (frequently in smaller amounts discharge). She is 45 years old and diabetic patient. She is also having a mild burn sensation from right side of the chest.We have given her Tramadol Hydrochloride Injection, Rantac 150mg, Rabesec D SR and Dolo 650 from evening. She started vomiting after giving the injection and Rabesec D SR. She is still having pain after giving the above medication.Please suggest us what we should do now.
output: Hi...she is having ureteric stone with urinary tract infection and gastritis...get an ultrasound scan done...also tramadol injection if given undiluted or pushed rapidly, causes vomiting. So be careful next time...start on a urinary specific antibiotic and continue the PPI...give diclofenac in for pain relief.

input: i have started having mild memory problems, constant headaches, ranging from mild to severe, and have started stuttering when i ve never stuttered before in my life. I m worried because Alzheimers runs in my family, although i am a nineteen year old woman with bipolar disorder and ptsd. what s going on? should i be worried?
output: Hello You are a 19 years old female with family history of Alzheimer's disease. You have complaints of memory problems and this is causing severe stress in you. You are a known case of bipolar disorder and PTSD. Most likely the memory problems are not related to Alzheimer's disease. You already have BPD, so such symptoms may occur due to depression and anxiety. Such symptoms are also called pseudo dementia. I would advise you to consult a psychiatrist for expert opinion. Hope this helps you, thanks

input: good evening Dr.My self Sujaya Deb,29yrs old.I m in under Drs treatment(Infertility)from last 1yrs.I dnt hv any children till nw.Dr has given me Decdan(1st day of period) for 10days,ovofar(3days of period)for 5days and gestin(19days of period)for 7days.I want to know can i get pregnant?
output: Hi, I think you should go for evaluation first.  Do a thyroid profile and prolactin levels and an ultrasound for your uterus and ovaries. Also, a semen analysis of your husband should be done. If everything is fine, you can take these medicines.  Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when your follicles is more than 17 to 18 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles.  Be in contact with your husband for 2 to 3 days.  Take progesterone for 2 weeks after the rupture. Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 months. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi my name is cj. I have been struggling with anxiety and depression for a couple months now I self medicated myself a couple times and it worked but I ge get so paranoid getting them without a prescription I really need advice on how to cope without this or maybe I legal supply of meds I feel like my anxiety is ruining my relationships because I always think something is wrong even know nothing has been done in public I feel everyone is starring at me can someone please help
output: Hello thanks for asking from Chat Doctor for your health related queries can understand your concern. Persistent anxiety and depressive symptoms that impair day to day functioning should never be ignored. Self-medication, relaxation exercises can help but if the anxiety is causing problems in functioning and relationship then there is need to see a psychiatrist. For anxiety medicines like SSRIs as Fluoxetine, Paroxetine, Escitalopram etc. are used commonly. These medicines will help to decrease persistent anxiety and will improve the depressed mood. Apart from this for relief of symptoms of anxiety benzodiazepines or other Chat Doctor.  These medicines can help to reduce symptoms in acute anxiety situations. Continue to do relaxation exercises and mediation and this will supplement the actions of medicines. Please visit a psychiatrist for evaluation and help. Thanks, Take care

input: dear doc, me & my(28years) wife had sex on December 24, 25, 26(protected).she had her period on January 16-22, a heavy one like regular(no sex in between as we work in different countries) . now in February, she is 13 days late. should we worry about her being pregnant or other health issues? we re not trying for a baby so early in our career.thanks in advance.
output: Hello, Thanks for letting us know your health concern. If you did not have any further intercourse after your wife had her natural period, there is no need to worry about pregnancy. This delay in menstrual cycle could be due to a transient hormone imbalance often caused by sudden weight changes, stress, infections etc. Please ask her to see her health care provider to detect the cause and plan further management. If the sonogram of the pelvis shows normal study, hormones can be given to induce the period. Hope this helps.

input: I have a rsh on my chest whicChatDoctore when I got a flu virus about 5 weeks ago. The flu has gone now, but the rash is still there, its on my chest, a little on my neck and top of back. What is causing this? I am 74 years old, 5ft8ins, and weigh 51Kg. It smallink spots, a bit itchy. Thank you
output: If there are new rashes in recent past then nothing to worry. But if you any new rashes then consult your doctor.

input: yes my son n law was puching my daughter in stomach to abort baby my daughter had been haing severe pain for 2 weeks through her body took her to 2 hospitals they refused to treat her due to her being pregnant so he calls said she need to go to doctor i got her to a hospital they took her in was not for sure what was going on and after she passed they said endocarditis which after she was buried when we find he been punching her.the baby did not have fluid around it,my daughter had infection over her entire body was coughing up blood chest pains rapid heart rate of 228do u think him punching her could cause the endocarditis?
output: Hi and pleased to answer you. Throughout pregnancy, the fetus bathes in a translucent pouch that gradually fills with amniotic fluid until the 35th week of amenorrhea where the amount of fluid is at its maximum with about 980 ml. Then the amniotic fluid decreases to the end to reach a volume between 600 and 800 ml approximately. The flow of the amniotic fluid signals the rupture of the membrane, and the risk of premature delivery if the term of the pregnancy is not reached. When the amount of amniotic fluid is abnormally low compared to the term of pregnancy, it is called oligoamnios. During oligoamnios, infection rate is higher. The premature rupture of the membranes (rupture before the beginning of the work) concerns 5 to 10% of the pregnancies. Its risk factors are the same as those of spontaneous preterm birth with intact membranes. This patient received a punch on her abdomen, which caused a premature rupture of the membranes and then a loss of the entirety amniotic fluid then an oligoamnios was created, and during the 2 weeks before the hospitalization, there was infection of the genital and baby components and infection dissemination by haematogenous route Causing endocarditis. Sorry for your daughter and may god has his soul in peace.

input: i have acute, sharp pains in lower stomach (feels like it s inside the cervix and i m about to give birth ) swollen stomach and can hardly stand up straight and i look pregnant which is near impossible as im sterilized. my periods are regular and i had a smear test done about two months ago and the results were clear. i have had this pain before and the hospital couldn t tell me what it was. this pain normally lasts between thirty mins to a few hours.
output: Hello, Lower abdominal pain with detected abdomen is more in favor of ovarian tumor or fibroid uterus. You need to undergo ultrasound of the abdomen.

input: I have a sore on my stomach that started out as a small red bump and in the past 2 weeks has turned purple, peeled back, and started bleeding and oozing pus. I am worried only because it has been here so long and because it is very tender to touch. It now is a small hole that is open and it seems to be getting a little larger but is still very small. What could this be and what are good treatments for it?
output: It looks like a fistulous or sinus tract in your abdominal wall. So it is basically treated by sinus tractarsupialisation with normal granulation tissue. Go for a surgeon and sonography with tract exploration.

input: my mother has been in the hospital for 16 days, they first said she has breast cancer, then they said Lymphoma, then they said Non Hodgkins Lymphoma, now saying she has Leukemia - they keep saying they are 95% sure but then come back and say they were wrong, do you have any suggestions for me as to what to do from here?  We are in Richmond, Virginialisa
output: Dear, First we need to have full history and examination of the body report. Then a blood picture with peripheral smear examination to arrive at some provisional diagnosis. If she has a lump or swelling on any part of the body a fine needle aspiration biopsy report. This will definitely give a diagnosis. I think your primary physician will definitely do what is necessary to arrive at final conclusion. The different diagnosis conveyed to you must be provisional on the basis of simple general physical examination. Lymphoma, Hodgkin's or non Hodgkin or leukemia is confirmed only by biopsy. Truly,

input: I have a very large distended stomach with pain n upper left quadrant n lower abdominal pain . I hat a CT scan out of town said my uterus has falling out of place layoffs on my small bowel n the fluid in my abdomen where the pain is in the upper left quadrant where my colon descends seems to be kinked I was also told my cervix was already down on my vagina. I cannot use the bathroom only having 3 bowel movements in almost a month which were so painful I broke out n a sweat I ve taken stool softeners fleets n several other things just causes mote pain bloating n cramps I take take gas pills n no relief either and do not pass a lot of gas or feel the need to. I can t eat much very small amours n mostly liquid or soft foods. I often lose control of my bladder n sometimes feel I need to go so badly bit just trickles out or none at all. I was told I had a hiatal hernia a few weeks ago and last night I got the hiccups so very bad n couldn t stop the pain increased my husband said o kinda slumped over on the couch n was unresponsive for about 30 to 60 seconds. Do I need to go yo the emergency room or can I wait to schedule an appointment and with which h Dr do o need t
output: Dear madam, you need to go to ER if you feel constant pain, fever, breathless, vomit blood or feel fatigue but your symptoms definitely means something and detailed work up should be done. You obviously have some kind of intestinal passage disorder caused by either mechanical or non-mechanical causes. YOUR GYNECOLOGICAL PATHOLOGY U VE DESCRIBED COULD affect your intestinal motility and if there is a certain cause then pills won't be helpful. The best way to rule this out is to the colonoscopy, barium swallow or diagnostic laparoscopy and everything should be clear. Wish you good health, 

input: My 3 year old has night terrors almost every night.He also has a runny nose and mouth breathes at night. He has on again off again vomiting too. The alergist at this point has only said he is alergic to dog dander and eggs however it seems like maybe he is alergic to more foods? We are worried about these night terrors which have been going on for about 3 months now? Could these be related
output: No mam.it 8 natural for kids in this age group to have night terrors and this will spontaneously subside.also both are not related. Allergy is a separate phenomenon sir.

input: hi ther sir, i have positive tmt  no angina recorded do i need to do angiography  and if yes i check my bloodtest i got esr 95 in two hrs and have 9cells in urine and 5 pus cells and s creatinine is 1.22 which was .93 week before does it make differnce
output: If stress test positive need to go under angiography . If recently raised ESR need to evaluate for same first ... after this you can go for angiography.... As no emergency for angiography your creatinine is normal no problem for that. If you have any fever or any other medical co-morbidity

input: Hi, My son is 18 months old. He is suffering from fever and motions. I met a doctor yesterday. She prescribed bifilac sachet and suggested to give only 1/2 sachet three times a day. But my wife gave 1 sachet three times a day by mistake(total 3 sachets we gave today). Now we have a fear about the over dosage. Can you please suggest me what will happen if there is a overdose and what are the precautionary steps we can take now if it is a serious thing?
output: One sachet thrice daily is not an overdose/ toxic dose in 18 months old toddler. In a toddler more dose may lead to giddiness due to hypoglycemia. Excess of Lactobacillus may utilize the lactose in food to grow.

input: hello sir, I am 26 years old mail, Not married.. I am having grey & red hairs on my mustache and chin.. I am feeling tension...Please advise me what should be done to control this....
output: Hello welcome toChatDoctor premature grain of hair may e due to iron deficiency so improve your diet and eat iron rich food.apply homeopathy medicine use Gaborone hair oil and Wiesbaden 30 thanks

input: I had my gallbladder removed in May and I am now experiencing pain in my belly button. When I touch it, I can feel a lump inside where the incision is. Years ago I had a hernia removed and had to go back and have another surgery because of scar tissue. Is this the same thing occurring again?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some incisional hernia or tumor arising from scar tissue.  You should go for examination. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I used suhagra-50 and within 2 hours I got severe chest burning and also vomited. Color was kind of red of my vomitting, I would like to add that I was having this chest burning For last couple of days and also I had veet root vegetable day before yesterday. I am bit concerned about what happened, what should I do to make sure that every thing is well n fine??
output: Hello, welcome to ChatDoctoryour symptom resembles gastritis and HERD.you have ingested meet root 2 days back, so the color in the vomits is not due to root but because of bleeding from ulcer.I shall advise you to take-PPI+RISPERIDONE combiner SUCRALFATE+ SIMETHICONEplenty of water, avoid tea coffee soft Chat Doctor. Consult a gastroenterologist and do an endoscopy. Hope this is helpful, regards.

input: i am carrying now 7th month i am a psoriasis patient past 25 years this is my 3rd delivery past 2 deliveries i didnt face this problem got increase of psoriasis but this pregnancy it got increase very much full body it got be spread is there any treatment for cuire
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Psoriasis is known to aggravate during pregnancy. The treatment of psoriasis during pregnancy is slightly different from that during other times. There are some Chat Doctor. These 

input: Hi . Im concerned about whats going on . I think Im pregnant , but Im nervous to find out because I dont want to be devastated that Im not . My last normal period was Jan 21 . I always have normal periods . ALWAYS. I have a calendar that I go by . It said that my next expected period was Feb 18 . On Feb 17th I started spotting . I only seen it when I wipe . I never had this happen to me before . When my period comes on it flows and its never light . This went on for the remainder of the day then the next day it got darker , but it filled up half of pantie liner . After that I used tampons to see if he will be regular and it wasnt . It was just little spots of blood . Im nervous to take a test . Could I be pregnant ?
output: Hello, In the current scenario, please do get the pregnancy test done as you definitely need it and hope for the best. If you cannot read the urine test properly, you should go for the serum beta-ChatDoctor titles along with a trans-vaginal sonogram to clarify the issue. The spotting could possibly be due to an implantation bleed, but, it needs to be clarified. If pregnancy is excluded, you could be having slight hormonal imbalance which is common now and then whenever there is some stress, infection, weight disturbance etc. Such a disturbance usually gets corrected spontaneously. Hope this helps.

input: Lower abdominal pain on left side have had it since i was 14 and am now 21 I am not becoming more concerned because it is happening more and more...now like every couple of days and it causes my whole stomach to swell as if i am 4 months pregnant. I have regular bowel movements. Its not a sharp pain...its sore and dull.
output: Possibly it is a slowly growing or benign tumor-like condition that is removable by surgery. Please get a USG of the swelling done and consult a general surgeon for physical examination. Not to worry but surely get examined. All the best!

input: i recently took clindamycin for 7 days because of a tooth infection. on the last day of taking clindamycin i developed severe dry mouth. is this directly linked to the clindamycin? will the dry mouh go away? is there anything i can do to get rid of the dry mouth?
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Yes. Clindamycin can disrupt the salivary glands function and cause Chat Doctor. When the offending 

input: whats the usual amoeba symptoms in babies? my baby is a 1yr and 2mnths old he vomit yesterday thrice after taking his milk, then he got fever 37.1 this early mrning but were gone after taking paracetamol, he also have diarhea, 4 times today. i was so worried.
output: Hi... Amoebiasis is rare in this age group. This looks more like viral diarrhea than amoebas. It seems your kid is having viral diarrhea. Once it starts it will take 5-7 days to completely get better. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. I suggest you use zinc supplements (Z&D Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi doctor. My child is 4 months old. I am giving her lactogen from 2nd month since bm is not sufficient for her. I am feeding her in bottle which is sterilised every time. But her motion appears to be yellow and green mixed. Please suggest what shall I do for this?
output: HelloOccasional green stool is normal in baby. Color of stool is due to some pigments. Due to rapid transit sometimes these pigments are not formed causing green stool. You need not worry if there are no other symptoms. Regards

input: hi  i am  janti lal amersi from karachi pakistan, just come to knw by a mt test that my wife got a tuber clauses what are the precautions we should take like she stoped feeding milk to our daughter what else can you suggest to better ment of her health except medication from doctor
output: Hi, I understand your concern.  - First, 6you have to get her fully investigated from a chest physician & know about the extent of her infection. If its active tuberculosis passing the infection to others via coughing, sneezing)& she needs isolation or her disease is non infecting & under control. She can be treated at home & she can feed her baby at this stage.  Speak to her doctor & decide - Medicines, regular consumption & regular follow up is a must. Tuberculosis can be fully controlled & patient can lead a normal life if she follows treatment plan exactly.  - Apart from this personal care in form of- - cleanliness, - high protein, vitamin, iron, mineral diet.  She needs high proteins in form of milk 2 glasses in a day, boiled egg/ protein powder available in pharmacy mixed with milk./ fresh vegetables & salads at least 10 glasses of clean water . Apart from her routine meals.  - light exercises (yoga/ walking/ respiratory exercises) . To help good appetite & digestion -Iron & vitamins in form of tonics as per doctors advise.  Thanks.

input: Hi, I just did a yoga session and noticed that while doing the downward facing dog I have a strange electric sensation in the bottom of my left heel. What can be causing this? Should I get this checked? I also sometimes have a similar sensation in my fingertip when I bend my neck.
output: Hello, This should be a warning that you should not be doing those poses. It may mean that you have some nerve impingement, and it would be a good idea to see your doctor to get this checked. Regards

input: HELLO I AM OM AGARWAL FROM SURAT (GUJ) INDIA. I HAVE A BABY OF ONE YEAR OLD. HER WEIGHT IS APPROX. 8KG AVERAGE DIET OF MY BABY IS 3-4 200(ML) EACH BOTTLE OF MILK AND EATING FOOD EVERYTHING WHICH WE TAKE,LIKE RICE OR DAL, WHEAT CHAPATI ETC.BUT FROM LAST ONE MONTH SHE IS NOT TAKING MILK OR FOOD BUT SHE IS FEEDING MILK FROM HER MOTHER. SHE IS CRYING VERY MUCH. SO PLEASE TELL ME WHAT TO DO
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. I take this opportunity to tell you certain scientific facts and relieve your distress - 1. An active is a well kid even if she/ he is not eating well. 2. Development of a kid is as important as, or I would say even more important than growth alone.3. As the kids grow their interest in food decreases and interest in play activities increases so that they eat small quantity and run away to play. As parents, we need to be more patient and feed than less quantity but more liquors per day.4. This age rather than the quantity of the food I suggest you concentrate more on the number of times you feed her and also make whatever you feed her calorie dense by adding good amount of ghee to it.5. I suggest you not to use appetite stimulants on long run as they may cause Chat Doctor. Regards - 

input: I am 36 yrs and pregnant with 12weeks I have a daughter 11 yrs I have a history of pcod and endometriosis I had a miscarriage in my first pregnancy and it was triplets. both my pregnancy was with treatment but this time with the grace of God I conceived naturally I am being given fertygen injection twice a week progestrone capsule and now asa tablets but yesterday I was bleeding with big clots after scan the baby was fine internal os closed placenta posterior mid segment dont know the reason for bleeding can you please tell me why is this happening and why is asa tablets prescribed in pregnancy I would be very grateful thank you
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Early pregnancy may naturally have periods of episodic vaginal bleeding with clots. This is caused as the baby with the sac in early pregnancy is too small to fill up whole of the uterus. The exposed inner lining of uterus may degenerate and bleed just like a normal menstrual cycle. I am assuming that your ultrasonography after the gush of bleeding showed a live baby with evidence of fetal heart beat. In that case chance of abortion is minimal. ASA or aspirin tablets are given in pregnancy to help in free flow of blood between mother and fetus. Please write back if you have any more queries.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here... My heart is pounding often without reason.  I am very well otherwise.  I exercise often (no cardiovascular exercises) and I have a little bloodcholesterol which I control through diet.  I am 63 and a female.
output: Hello, Brief answer: No relation is between bounding heart and lipid-lowering Chat Doctor. Explanation: My opinion is that in your condition, you are doing far well. Exercising regularly without any chest pain or fatigue or even dyspnea that means your cardiac condition is good. Taking antihyperlipidemic 

input: im 18 and I have 2 questions. my first question is i suffer from endometriosis and for the past week my left and right ovary area has been having burning/stinging pains and my lower pelvic region is sore to the touch. what could this problem be? my second question is i had my hormone levels checked and i was wondering if they are normal? FSH- 1.2 LH-3.1 TSH-1.570 Estradiol-182 Testosterone-32 Glucose-74 Prolactin-19.8 thanks, sabrina
output: Greetings HOPE you are aware of endometriosis. It means the inside layer of uterus called as endometrium is present outside the uterus, and it responds to the cyclical changes as inside uterus causing bleeding. As you have menses, there will be bleeding from this endometrium which can be present anywhere in the abdomen.the commonest site is ovary and all around outer side of uterus. So premenstrual there will be pain which depends up on the organ involved and the extent. So you can consult a gynecologist and get an ultrasound scan to rule out any cysts in ovary which is causing problems for you. Coming to your reports everything looks normal if done on day 2 or 3 of your cycle. Hope my answer helps you regards

input: My husband was on hemodialysis for about a year.  Last December we began with peritoneal dialysis at home and have been doing this for almost a year.  He had his catheter moved last June as it was much too low.  Since then he has been retaining fluid in his abdomen.  He recently had a CAT scan and a ecocardiogram which showed a heart problem which his doctor said could be controlled with medication.  While in the hospital, his blood pressure dropped so low he was given a bag of saline solution which raised it but he was taken off this medication for his heart.  Now he is at home and has a physical therapist come to our home twice a week and he is doing light exercises but his biggest problem, which has been with him for about three months, is shortness of breath.  It is from all of the fluid in his abdomen pressing on his diaphram, etc.  He has increased his trouser size by two inches.  I called this to the attention of his nephrologist as his stomach is like a big bowl of jelly.  Nothing is being done to take care of this fluid except the doctor has put him back on hemodialysis with no reduction of fluid.  Is there a possibility that there is a leak inside from his catheter or could it be a buildup of fluids from the peritoneal dialysis which I understand does not always completely flush all the fluids out of his body? Sorry about this being such a long messge but we are at a wits end as to finding out what is causing this problem.  Could you possibly help us by offering your guideance about the fluid. Thank you in advance.
output: HIT hanks for your query. If there is no active peritoneal dialysis going on, then the abdominal fluid collection is unlikely to be related to the Peritoneal dialysis catheter. Ascites or fluid in the peritoneal cavity can be due to a weak heart or liver problems. I would recommend a 2D Echocardiogram, Ultrasound of the abdomen and a diagnostic ascetic fluid tap. Based on the results we could make further recommendations. Hope this helps Good luck.

input: I am 39 and have been on and off the pill fpr years I stopped last year and have been very down with bad PMT so have just started back on Femodene , is this a good idae ? I have read that it can cause depression and weight gain , two things I am prone to thanks for you help regards becky
output: You have mentioned taking the pill previously. In case you have taken Feminine before and had severe side effects and thinking of restarting the Chat Doctor. Newer 

input: Hi. Ive just found three white lumps behind my tonsils on my soft palete. Im pretty much have OCD over my mouth and have just seen these today. ( I check nearly daily). Now, I suck my thumb and my dental hygiene isnt great. They dont hurt, havent really grown since Ive seen them and cause no pain or discomfort at all. When I prodded at them they didnt go away. Just wondering what it could be? I also have bigger than normal tonsils (which Ive had all my life).
output: Hi, Dear,Thanks for the query from you to my Chat Doctor Clinic. I have gone through your query and after in-depth study on it, In My opinion-these white lumps behind tonsil on soft palate-are Tonsillitis, which occur in Chronic Tonsillitis. Hope this would resolve your worrisome query for now. Wellcome-to my Chat Doctor Clinic for any more query.

input: Hi i am 33years old and have been diagonised with jaundice last 3 monts. My current sirum Bilirubin report is 1.20. I had indigestion and related problems in stomach of right side.Question is how long does it take? how can i know that am completely free from jaundice?
output: Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor. It may be due to liver infection, alcohol or Chat Doctor. Please consult your doctor for examination and ultrasonography of whole abdomen including liver. Jaundice can cause indigestion, vomiting, nausea, fever, fatigue etc. Normal range is 0.5-1.5 mg/DL. More than normal range causes yellow discoloration of sclera, palms, urine etc. First find out the cause of disease and treat the cause, will remove jaundice. When your bilirubin within normal range; urine, sclera become normal; no or minimal digestion problem than jaundice over. Please avoid fatty diet and fast food. Take fresh fruits, juices and green veg diet more. Hope these all will help you a lot. Thanks for contacting us. Take care....

input: Two days ago I noticed a red lump on the outer portion of my right arm. Puls and blood could be extracted however it returns to its egg shaped size. It is painful and I have now developed a rash passed my bicep. Hot compresses do not work. Pus and blood can extracted from it however it returns to its normal size. It is egg shaped under my arm. I have tried antibiotic ointment and hot compresses...
output: Hi, It looks like an abscess that could have been a progression from a hair follicle infection. It is due to bacterial infection where the bacteria seep into the hair roots and cause infection there.  As it is not being Chat Doctor.  So my suggestion is to consult an Emergency room and get evaluated.  Incision and 

input: Hi ok,I am 33years old girl who has 3failed ivf(one of them done with miscarry)I just finish my 4th,I had transfer on Monday,they put me 3great embryos,and want me to freeze rest of them,and I did it!!before my transfer dr called me and wants to meet me before transfer,he said(he checked all3failed ivf)and he thinks I haveh hydrosAlPinix(he said can be the problem or it s not this)why he wants me to do it transfer anyway???if I get pregnant can be denger for baby??
output: Hi, there are chances of miscarriages with HY Chat Doctor.  So, it's better to remove it or clip it laparascopically. But first you confirm that you have HY

input: I have married in 2 year.my age 25 husbannd age 27 i have trying to a conceive .i have take pfofrt f tablet for 3 month.but not conceive.i have already checked my harmones,thairoid also.but no problem.all very good & normal.but why naot conceive.please help me
output: Hi I think you can go for ovulation induction with timed intercourse for conceiving. Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when follicle is more than 18 mm, take injection for rupture of follicles. Be in contact with your husband for next 2 days. Take progesterone for next 2 weeks after rupture is confirmed on ultrasound. Do a urine pregnancy test after that. You can try like that for 3 to 6 cycles. Hope it helps

input: Hi My name is Lakshmana.Eti. now my wife is 2 Month prregnent. I am a employee of HAL Bangalore We are having good Hospital Service. But today Doctor told After reciving scan report The heart beat of fetal is not comming, it may leads to abartion or Bleeding . So we have decided to take second opinion. We request you to suggest any best scaning center in Bangalore to know more abovt development of fetal. Regards, Lakshmana.Eti
output: If you take my opinion then you always need to confirm your ultrasound by another reliable institution

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...Hello.  My father has been suffering from high blood pressure and two weeks ago his pulse was at 125 for a number of days.  This landed him in the hospital for about 10 days. He was diagnosed with atrial fibralation as well as anxiety and chronic fatigue.  Both he and the rest of my family have been taking care of my mother who is has a terminally ill with cancer.  He is on a number of medications now and is taking Lisinipril and cumodin and other meds.  His cumodin level was high this week.  He walked to the store the other day and had to ask for a ride back as he wasnt feeling well.  The hospice nurse took his blood pressure and pulse today: 153/100, pulse 50.  She said that he should get checked out again soon as something does not appear right with his meds.  Any advice you might be able to give would be appreciated.  My father is 79 years old.  Thank you.  Melinda
output: Hello, There are two issues in him, first his blood pressure is not under control so his BP medicine needs to be hiked up. Dose of lisinopril can be increased in multiple of 5 up to 40 mg. Blood pressure is not emergency you can get it optimized from your doctor.  Secondly, his pulse rate is low and pulse rate controlling med needs to be decreased. Like he must take some beta blockers like metoprolol or nebivolol, or other medicines like Verapamil or Diltiazem, dose of either med needs to be decreased.  Also, he should have a healthy lifestyle like avoiding fatty, oily and high calorie diet. Have low salt diet and monitor blood pressure regularly thrice a day for one week then once or twice a week. Regular exercises like brisk walking, jogging according your capacity at least 30 minutes a day and 5 days a week. Avoid smoking and alcohol if any. There shouldn't abdominal fat deposition or obesity. Get your lipid profile and sugars tested once. Monitor INR regularly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: yes I visited a dr three yrs ago he told mr I have a blockage do to a bile located with the gallbladder the nurse says I need a lot fiber to slow down the process I do experience some pain I can t eat certain foods as a result how can I remove the blockage without having surgery
output: A biliary riskiness I guess from what you've wrote, without Lithuania or sludge in your gallbladder. I agree with the prescribed by your nurse dietetic changes and there are some cholagogues and heretics to help you probably before thinking of surgery like Cannabis i.e.

input: Hello, I have a persisting infection in my pubic groin area. For the past year it comes and goes regularily and almost always is infected. I believed it to be an ingrown hair but most recently I went to the hospital because a hole appeared there and I was told it is a cyst . This keeps happening in the exact same spot and I apply warm compresses to it and blood like pus usually oozes out of it. It pains a bit as i were my pants exactly same place. Kindly suggest me what to do
output: HI, I understand your concern.  The prolonged & repeated infection indicates healing.  -low resistance - inadequate treatment/wrong choice of antibiotic - unhygienic condition.  - Uncontrolled diabetes You need investigations like-CBC, fasting & post meal blood sugar, culture & sensitivity test of the exudate from infection. Along with complete physical check up.  This would pinpoint the diagnosis & treatment plan.(best advised by a skin specialist) Apart from regular medication for prescribed period, you will have to take - tonics/nutritive diet for raising resistance.(proteins, iron, vitamins specially it. B&c)would help.  - good control of blood sugar in case you have diabetes - adequate local management in form of removal of hairs, keeping the area clean, Chat Doctor.  Thanks. -

input: Hello: I am a 36 year old man. After having a terrible attack of stomach flu in february of this year I beganto suffer from pain in my upper left side. the bloodwork showed slightly elevated lypase -but all other  tests ngative-what can this be -stomach feels bloated all the time
output: Hello there, I am Chat Doctor. Hope I have given appropriate guidance to you. I think you have loss of some of your intestinal flora, that is beneficial bacterial organism found in our intestine, and you have some damage to intestine in form of small many ulcers. So til this ulcer got heal you may have some pain in your abdomen. And for bacterial flora you take some probiotic food it will replace your flora to normal one. For some periods take care you DNT eat spicy food. If you have any query you can consult me anytime. Give me star rating, helpful vote & thank you according to your satisfaction level. Thanking you.

input: Hi my daughter most of time develope swellings that looks like alergric reactions but when she is given an anti alergic like prition and others she will start having rapid pulse and palpitation what is the cause and else can she use for this.Thanks
output: anti-allergic Chat Doctor.  So these are side effects of position. You need to change the anti-allergic 

input: Hello, I was wondering how long does sperm survive inside of a male s urethra after ejaculation? I never urinated after my ejaculation. Then I penetrated my girlfriend s vagina about eight hours after ejaculation and withdrew immediately without ejaculating at all. Is there a possibility that I may have impregnated her?
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum Sperms can survive for 24-36 hrs depending upon the environment. And pre-cum can cause pregnancy even if you have not ejaculated inside her. So, please use protection always and go for urine pregnancy test to rule out pregnancy if periods delayed. All the best.

input: Hello, i have a question, i had pain for almost a week on the left lower side of abdomen, approximately where the ovary is, then i went to ultrasound to see what is going on, i did not get results yet, and i am scared, because i really wanted to get pregnant, i overheard  ultrasound technician and other technician, they were saying something like follicle burst and small amount of free fluid, what does it mean, that i did not get pregnant and probably instead maybe it is ovarian cyst now..i just dont know what to think... i asked them but they are not allowed to tell diagnosis i guess, they just said you dont have to worry everything is fine
output: Hellos you mentioned that there is pain in the abdomen in the left lower region. Ultrasound done but report is still pending. Pain may be due to these reasons.1 Cyst around or in ovarian stoma. Need not say that the report of the ultrasound will find out the reason .2 Such pain may be due to left renal colic. Diagnosis can be confirmed by Ultrasound (. Already done).3 Amoebic colitis is the next most probable reason of such pain. Stool examination will find out amoeba history, if present. Since ultrasound report is pending and pain is not so severe, wait for the report and deal according to ultrasound report. Possibilities I have mentioned. Good luck

input: the upper back of my thighs an buttocks have these ingrowth which i think is the result of shaving the hair at these areas. the hair dsnt cme out henceforth but the area looks horrible..wth lots of black headed rashes .have tried steaming, scrubbing, brushing an even waxing.but the pores jst wont open up.the reast of my skin is pretty nice.but this area is so embarressing.please do help..aparajita the upper back of my thighs an buttocks have these ingrowth which i think is the result of shaving the hair at these areas. the hair dsnt cme out henceforth but the area looks horrible..wth lots of black headed rashes.have tried steaming, scrubbing, brushing an even waxing.but the pores jst wont open up.the reast of my skin is pretty nice.but this area is so embarressing.please do help..aparajita
output: Hi!parasite, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum, Aparajita .It's not very clear from your description as to what you have. If its ingrown hair then the best thing is LASER HAIR REDUCTION. If you have thick hair you will have very good result. Take care, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi doctor , I have a kid her age is,2 and she is diabitic and I make to her blood liver exam and the sgot was above normal 56 but the albumin and sgpt was in normal  range sgpt 40 & albumin4.6 and im very worry why is the sgot hight , kindly adviseMy email is  YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi...this GOT is only mildly elevated. Nothing to worry about it. She doesn't require any special evaluation for this. This elevation can occur in trivial viral illness which would have gone unnoticed too. Regards - 

input: Hello, i had 2 big spot/zits near my anus, one of them was actually on the sphincter. I have popped them both and lots of puss came out, are they anything to worry about and how can i stop them from appearing again? i always wash and keep clean every day.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having fistula in ANO. When sinus track becomes full of pus, it will burst open and again there will be re feeling of sinus. Consult surgeon and get examined. Avoid constipation. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, I am a 63 yr old female. I tripped and fell a week ago, slamming my knee on the concert. It turned black and blue just below my knee and is still numb to the touch. I have been icing it and staying off of it as much as possible. Yesterday, I noticed that my ankle is now swollen and black and blue. There appears to be a yellowish streak down my shin also. I also felt the sensation of blood running down my leg, but there was none. There is no open wound. I can walk on it without to much trouble. I am just not sure how to proceed from this point. Do I need to go to the doctor, or is what I am doing okay. I know it will take probably 6 to 8 weeks to heal. I did not go to the doctor when this happen, so I am not sure if I fractured my leg or not. But, if I did, what could/would they do?
output: Hello Thank you for using Chat Doctor I read your question and understood your concern I do not think that you had a fracture since you can walk think you had a hematoma in the knee that after some days went down from gravity in the ankle region. Keep the leg up above the heart level for few days and some kind of elastic bandage in the ankle region.

input: Hi my doughter is 11 years old and doctor just start first dose of cisplatin 105 mg over 6 hours.She is treated for Medulloblastoma.Radiation of 6 weeks is done and this is the first cycle from nine.What should we expect from cisplatin and the rest of the therapy
output: Yes cisplatin is one of the components of medulloblastoma treatment. .the outcome depends on how she responds and tolerates the treatment

input: I m in a nutrition class for nursing and have to do a case study and nutritional assessment plan etc. I chose to do FVL and pregnancy. What are the diagnostic tests to monitor mother and baby during pregnancy with the mother having FVL? What nutritional plan should be implemented?
output: Hi there,Could you please let us know the full form of FVL so that we can help you better. Some terminologies are not universal in medicine and may need to elaborated to understand. Regards.

input: Recently I ve been making trips to the ER because I thought I was havi g gallbladder attacks but they did ultrasound and CT scans. I had pain in my abdomine, nausea and vomiting . My doctor done some blood test but something didn t come back right. When I had the CT scan it showed a spot om my liver . Should I be worried?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. A spot on the liver detected on a CT scan can be due to a minor vascular malformation, a benign mass or a malignancy. Proper investigations like blood investigations and FNAC are needed to pinpoint the diagnosis. Please consult your gastroenterologist for the same. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.

input: hi my baby is 8 months old , hes having loose motion since yesterday morning, hes passing semisolid stools ... could u please suggest me what kind of food should i give him ?
output: Hi, Thanks for query, better you give breastfeeding only for 2 days. If you are giving milk formula then give diluted milk formula. Give strong coffee, apple juice, Dadam juice. If loose motions do not control then take him to doctor. Ok and bye,

input: Hi, i am a 49yr old female. I have developed a pulsing/vibraing feeling in my left foot inline with my small toe. it is not painful and I have just noticed it in the last two weeks. it feels like a buzzing that comes and goes. do i need to be concerned about this? thank you
output: Dear madam, do you have any difficulty doing your daily activities because of this pulsing sensation. If not since you donor have pain it is better to leave it alone,

input: Lower pain in right side of back. Hurts to bend over, put on socks, etc. Also get pain through buttocks to groin. Yesterday, a large painful pimple (bump) on side of upper buttocks formed. Hurts to touch - not sure related by curious as to timing.
output: Hi, from history it seems that there might be having ingrown hair follicle infection and initially might not have noticed. This might have caused lower backache during movement, pain in groin. Now there might be having swelling, induration aggravating the problem. Go for one antibiotic, anti-inflammatory medicine course for 5 days. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, we are trying for child. I have gone through follicular scan. On 20th Day she has given me injection and suggested intercourse for 3 days. It was the time of ovulation. She has given me some tablets to take from the day of injection till 10 days. Name of the tablet is Meprate. I have few queries. Will I get periods immediately after I stop taking the pills if I am not pregnant. When can I do home pregnancy test? If the ChatDoctor content is less in urine should I opt for blood test?
output: It may take a few days to get your periods after stopping pills if you are not pregnant. But if you don't get your periods for a week get urine pregnancy test done. No need for getting a blood test done. You can wait and repeat test after a few days

input: I have had numerous UTI S and I requested a copy of my last lab report, 1) for vaginal culture, and 1) lfro urine culture, final report on the urine culture was Morganella MorganII, b colony count 30,000, but no antibiotic was prescribed. Can I get over this on my own?
output: Hello, THX to contact us. I understand your concern. If I am your treating doctor I advise you that urine culture with colony count of less than one lac is not UTI. It won't requires a treatment. Organelle organic many a time isolate as a saprophytic organism or Laboratory contaminant. So if the colony count is less, it is not UTI and treatment is not required. I will be happy to answer more of your concerns, kindly know me, Wish you a very good health at Chat Doctor. Chat Doctor. Infectious Disease.

input: I recently had a scan that showed a 8.4mm cyst on my left kidney. However as I was being scanned for gallstones, the cyst was never mentioned (the scan was done overseas and so they type up a report of their findings). I am now worried that it has been disregarded. What could it be?
output: Hello Thanks for writing to simple cortical cyst in kidney is a benign lesion of unknown etiology arising from renal parenchymal, and it rarely causes complications. It may be the reason for omission of small renal cyst in previous reports. Renal cortical cyst is a very common type of kidney cyst, and it is a fluid-filled sac. Small cysts generally doesn't causes symptoms, and it is found in a routine examination for other issues. When cyst grows larger, patient may feel pain or pressure in back or sides, which often radiates downward. Renal cortical cysts usually doesn't require any treatment. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: my wife had a prolapsed disc aprox 8 years ago, she is now left with arthirtes and very bad pain, nerve damage, loss of felling in lower right leg. We was told that after 18 months after an op what ever pain she in still in that is as good as it is going to be, we think that when she had the op after cutting the bone above and below and cutting out the piece of disc they fused the two bones together? My wife is now unable to walk without having to use a stick or if it is to far then she is in a wheelchair, is there anything that can be done for her to help with her movement without more surgery?
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. In some cases such symptoms can be eased with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  But this can be done with herniation which does not compress the spine or compresses only a little. You can ask your doctor about Diclofenac and Tetra Pak treatment, however surgery might be the only solutions. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: at night when I get ready for bed I begin to cough uncontrolledly and my neck and chin get really itchy. this only happens at night and I don t know what to do about it or what it means. I read that it could be signs of asthma but I ve never been diagnosed with it. But I do spend a total of 9 hours or more 5 days a week moving and running around.
output: Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you are having allergic bronchitis. Coughing and itching are characteristics for allergic disease (process). Since you are having symptoms mostly at night, you may be allergic to your night clothes or bedsheet or pillow covers etc. And these act as allergen and cause symptoms. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) to diagnose bronchitis. Change your bedsheet, pillow cover and night clothes. Start using new cotton ones. Also take antihistamine Chat Doctor.  You will mostly be alright by these changes.

input: Im asking because I was tested for diabetes & the doctor asked if it ran in my family? It does on both my mother & fathers side & I have always had a sweet tooth but I am not overweight (Im average) & try not to eat fatty foods that much. I do however tend to splurge on the sugar. Can too much sugar cause diabetes? Thanks everyone.
output: Hi.no too much sugar doesn't lead to diabetes. There r 2 types of diabetes. Type 1 which is due to deficiency of insulin secretion from beta cells of pancreas and in type 2 diabetes there is problem in the insulin receptors. Diabetes may result from genetic alterations, obesity, sedentary lifestyle. Ones u have diabetes, increase intake of sugar may increase the blood sugar level but sugar itself doesn't lead to diabetes. Wish u good health

input: I take microgynon 30 3 weeks at a time and then break for a week and always get a period during this break. I took the pill for around 5 weeks without a break and now that Ive taken a break from it Ive not experienced a withdrawal bleed and Im getting very worried. Could you offer me an explanation? Ive taken one test and it was negative. Just want to know whats going on with my body, Ive been taking the pill almost 3 years with no problems like this.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Microgynon is a commonly used oral contraceptive. There is a form of oral contraception where essentially it is taken for 3 months so that these women have only 4 periods a year. It is likely that the prolonged use of the medication resulted in the delay you are experiencing. Though it is understandably alarming to you, it is a result of a slight hormonal imbalance and your period will return. I hope this helps

input: sir i got a preterm baby of 34 weeks.on his first thyroid test he has following values T3 IS 74.48, T4 IS 3.40 TSH IS 2.69. ON HIS SECOND TEST AFTER 1MONTH WE HV FOLLOWING VALUES T3 99.51, T4 IS 3.60, TSH IS 3.21. BT IS THIS LEVEL OF T4 OKEY OR SHOULD WE GO TO A DOCTOR
output: These are absolutely normal values of thyroid profile.no doctor consultation required. But you observe baby for constipation, jaundice,lethargy, prolonged sleeping. These are clinical sign of hypothyroidism.

input: Since October 2013 I have had spasmodically pain in the right side of my head in the ear area - approx radiating into an area of my hand if held over my ear. The pain will go after anything from a few hours to over 36 hours. Today it is particularly painful hence the search online
output: You probably mean throbbing headache affecting one side of the head, right in your case. You have not mentioned whether you are a male or female. Based on that, I would consider three possible causes, a) migraine b) cluster headache and c) temporal arthritis. Irrespective of whatever be the cause, you should be relieved by taking naproxen 500 mg one or two tablets together as per your requirement. Take it in full stomach. Also get yourself examined by a doctor and subsequently intervene as per the cause diagnosed.

input: Im 62 years of a age, and on a routine lab exam PSA level was 6.5, Digital rectal exam was normal, echography shows enlarged prostate with calcifications and all the rest was normal.. FREE PSA/TOTAL PSA was about 22.5 and according to the lab this result is normal, urine analysis shows RBC levels of 20 - 22 and WBC 2, can we know from these results if it s a gland hypertrophy or it s prostate cancer? thank you
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should not worry much about cancer. As calcification is 100% benign. It is not at all seen in malignancy.  So you should not worry much about cancer.  Your other lab reports are also normal for cancer. You are having BPH (benign prostatic enlargement) which is causing red blood cells in urine. So better to consult neurosurgeon and get done removal of prostate.  This will cure RBC in urine. And no need to worry about cancer.

input: Hi there, Im a 25 year old male with a history of Kidney Stones. I ve had a 3cm Kidney Stone in my left Kidney for some time now and have been attempting to dilute it. For the past few days, i ve had a pulsating pain in my pelvic area, just above the penis. I feel as if it may not be kidney stone related as there is no smell nor blood. But it feels like a lower cramping.
output: Hello, Cannot say in your particular case, but generally, when I've had this exact thing: 1) The blood is there, but not visible but an over the counter blood test detected it.2) The symptoms were from the stone being in somewhere other than the bladder like the prostate or urethra. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hello,my 2 and a half year old has been having tiny amount of blood at the end of the stool...my pediatrician ordered an ex ray and said she was constipated evan though she poops quite regularly.He said most likely the blood comes from a scratch at the end of the bowel that continually gets irrataded and then today the stool turned gray! half of it came out brown then gray and two hours later more grey poop what could this mean?
output: Dear Parent, The gray color stool of your child can be due to different causes. Commonest one if your child is on a milk only diet. Other serious cause is blocked liver ducts (however in this condition your child will give yellow of eyes, skin). I suggest that you see a pediatrician if the gray stools occur 2 or more times, lasts more than 24 hrs and lasts more than 48 hours after changing from a milk only diet, and you notice yellow discoloration of eyes, skin.

input: my father is 50 years old. he is on dialysis for the past six months. he is now suffering from tb . and tapping from has been performed 4 times till now i the span of 2 months. 1500 , 1200 , 1200 , 1000 ml hav been removed. why is the water being formed ?
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Here possibilities of tuberculous peritonitis or pleuritic is there. TB can involve peritoneum and pleura, so can lead to an effusion. You have not mentioned the site. The fluid can be translate or exudate. Transudate involves causes due to increase HY Chat Doctor. 

input: I have a hard non-movable lump on the right side of my neck about the size of a pinto bean. It feels like it may be attached to the larynx? I have been suffering from joint pain (knees, shoulders and right large toe) and swelling mainly in my knees. I seem to have lost strength in my knees due to swelling and muscle tenderness around joints, I am loosing more hair than normal, awful cramps in right callf at night, I get hot flashes but then I get cold and can t get warm, I have no energy, my skin is very dry to the point of tingling.
output: Hi, Thanks for the query.1-Its very interesting story. In my opinion small lump on right of your larynx needs to be investigated with thyro-profile tests.2-Your general health have derailed over a period and suggests that you have-hypo-thyroid with associate rheumatic complaints in knee JT and muscles surrounding it.3-I would advise you to have your thyroid test done with other blood tests.4-I would advise medical treatment with the physician nearby.5-Thereafter-If the lump doesn't regress after the specific thyroid treatment, the lump-may need excision-in the later period....but don't worry about it-as it's a remote possibility.6-So concentrate with treating the thyroid disease-which is the most probable solution for your problem to resolve. Hope I have solved your query. Any more queries in this matter are welcome.!! Thnks

input: I was poked deep in the knuckle joint with a needle like splinter of wood. it was from an old dusty garage. my arm up to the elbow started itching and the back of my hand is swollen. I am fairly sure that the splinter came out right after it happened
output: Hello, It is due to local inflammation. As of now, you can use analgesics/anti-inflammatory combination like diclofenac/serratiopeptidase for symptomatic relief. Make sure that no bits are retained in the site. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: FOR ABOUT THE PAST TWO YEARS I HAVE HAD SORE AND STIFF JOINTS. I AM ALSO TIRED A LOT AND MOST DAYS NEED AN AFTERNOON NAP AFTERHAVING A NINE HOUR SLEEP AT NIGHT. I HAVE A SORE THROAT THAT NEVER SEEMS TO GO AWAY. LAST YEAR I FOUND THAT I HAD HIGH IRON LEVELS SO IHAD THAT HANDLED VIA A PHLEBOTOMY. I HAVE TRIED EVERY TREATMENT UNDER THE SUN TO TREAT ARTHRITIS AND NOTHING WORKS. I HAVE SPENT SEVERAL THOUSAND DOLLARS WITH NO JOY. I HAVE ALSO HAD ABNORMAL LIVER FUNCTION TESTS FOR YEARS. COULD THIS BE LYME DISEASE?
output: Dear friend what made you think of the possibility of you having LYME?also what all have you tried in effort to investigate the reason for your joint stiffness and pain the symptoms suggest an inflammatory or an autoimmune origin of your illness have you have been investigated in detail for that?kindly share more details so that clearer picture emerges for a better diagnosis

input: How to find a women is having breast cancer or not ?
output: Hi. Regular self breast examination, demographic studies are done to check for the presence of a lump in the breast. Presence of any new lump may need biopsy. Biopsy and microscopic studies help in diagnosing breast cancers. Also read about the other symptoms of breast cancer (apart from the lump), which include bloody discharge from the nipple, puckering of the skin over the breast and so on.

input: Hello please I would like for you to tell me I had ovarian cancer after my operation i had liposuction after this my Cancer came back then I went through chemotherapy my result after that was normal now I had more stomach pains went to see the doctor my blood test ca 125 was raised I had a ct scan which shows that my other organs are fine but is showing more thickness of my stomach lining ! After my liposuction there has always been thickness of the lining I want to know does this lipo have anything to do with cancer as my doctor at the hospital wasn t 100 percent sure of this thickening of the lining is due to cancer or not.
output: Hi, its really not got much to do with the cancer. The ideal thing would be to redo another CT scan, to better evaluate the integrity of the stomach. The stomach is however not one of the usual destinations of spread of ovarian cancer. It shall be very unlikely that the thickening should attack the stomach first with other structures intact. Another CT scan can help clear the doubt. Thanks

input: hello In my report it shows like this Rt.Kidney (8.9*3.5cm) cortex:13mm Lt.kidney (9.5*4.1 cm) cortex 14mm Normal insize size with diffuse increased Echotexture(grate -2) No calculi/Hydronephrosis.Is there any problem in my kidnies.Please help regarding in this matter.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. There is a mention that the kidneys are showing increased cortical echo texture. This means that the kidneys are lighter than expected and might be due to a problem in the filtration capacity of the kidneys. Please do blood test for kidney function like serum creatinine and serum proteins. Urine test for kidney function like urine proteins and 24 hours protein and creatinine are also important. Please consult a nephrologist for proper treatment guidelines. Your kidneys are normal. The kidneys are normal if they measure 80 to 120 mm in length. Therefore, the kidney problems if any are still reversible. Please do not worry.

input: hi, I am 24 years old female. My height is 5 3 and weight is 140lbs. I was prescribed with Doxycycline and lactic acid bacillus capsules for bleeding gums . I took it for five days as prescribed by the doctor. Also, my doctor told me whenever I feel like my gums are bleeding again take the pills, but how long should I take them?
output: THAT IS ALSO GOOD Chat Doctor. . U TAKE IT AFTER 2 HOURS AND BEFORE 2HR FROM FOOD... NOT WITH FOOD.... AND FOR BLEEDING METRONIDAZOLE ALSO U TAKE IT AND AVOID ROXY IF Breastfeeding BABY....AND WITH METRONIDAZOLE AVOID WHEN U TAKE ALCOHOL...

input: Hi my name is angela im 20 years old and on June 9, 2015 I went to an oral surgeon to have all four of my wisdom teeth taken out. Ever sense the day after surgery I haven t been able to open my mouth I have gone back and they put me on some arthritis Tylenol, naproxen medication, and also voltarin gel. I ve also been doing jaw excersises religiously. Nothing has helped and I am no worse I can t fit my toothbrush in mouth and it s almost to the point I can t fit my pills in either. I m terrified and just want this to end.
output: Hi. I have gone through your query and can understand your concern. As per your complaint at times after wisdom teeth extraction the muscles of mastication becomes tensed, swollen and sore leading to restricted mouth opening and pain. You should do warm compresses over the check and continue till the sides of neck. You should massage the muscles with your fingers starting from the front of ear progressing down the jaw reaching the chin. Try to open the mouth with fingers by pushing front teeth apart. You should also keep doing the jaw exercises advised by your dentist. You need to take Muscle relaxant like Flexion MR for relieving the spasms of muscles. Take soft diet and more. Of liquids but do not stay hungry. If still it doesn't improve consult an Oral Surgeon and get evaluated. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. .

input: My husband is on cipro right now for prostatitis. He has been having pain in his neck. He has a had surgery, along while back, for a bad disc. He has a plate in his neck. Anyway, I was wondering if cipro would cause pain there or if it is indeed a disc problem again. Just wondering.He hasn t seen a Dr. yet.
output: Hello, Cipro does not cause neck pain. It might be due to cervical disc problem like cervical spondylitis. Consult an orthopedic and get an X-ray neck to look for any disc degeneration or changes. As of now you can take analgesics like Tramadol for pain relief. Avoid excessive straining as in bending. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hello, My father is 56 year old and he has a second time during 4 years Coronary Stand , this time 3 stents. However, he feels dissy sometimes and has some unsertan feelings in heart area like squizzing but nor pain. What possible reasons can be for this simptomas? he has also Hypothireous.
output: Hello, After going through your medical query I understand your concern and would like to tell you that chest squeezing with palpitations is indication for underlying heart condition. It's recommended for you to consult your treating Cardiologist again and get cardiac evaluation done. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi doc ...m havin dark underarms...tried almst evrythng....bt its nt lighting up.....cant wear sleevless jst bcoz f it...plz help me
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. Forum. Thse days lightening creams are available. In addition, you should use antifungal medicines and steroids locally, with the advice of a dermatologist. Best of luck. don't go on using self-medication which some times may worsen the condition. Thank you.

input: bacterial bronchitisIm a 30 yr old female. I was recently seen at the ER  and had two bags of fluids ,morphi.e and xrays for what I was told was bacterial bronchitis and was given a Zpack to take. Im on my 4th pill and I feel im getting worse. The cough is bad, im coughing up dark green and yellow mucus. I have a major headache that wont go away. Im also running a fever off amd on... Could this be something else or have turned into something worse?
output: Thanks for asking your question completely understand your problem in my opinion you are suffering from lower resp tract infection. Green sputum is mostly seen in cases of pseudosocial infections so specific Chat Doctor. Antipseudomonal antibiotics like floroquinolones should be given.to fix the diagnosis of pseudosocial infection u need to consult a pulmonologist who will request for a sputum myogenic culture and sensitivity, which will tell in detail about the causative organism. And accordingly 

input: My daughter has SVT and is going to Denver.  She will be going up to a cabin at a higher altitude while she is there, about 2 days after arriving.  She takes Metaprolol for her condition and I am wondering if the higher altitude will have a negative affect at all.
output: She can safely travel, acclimatization is important and her staying for 2 days before ascending further up, would be good for her.  Also, just make sure he takes her metoprolol on time and carries enough stock of the Chat Doctor.  Per se if SVT is well controlled and she is in normal sinus rhythm with the help of metoprolol, she can enjoy her vacation.  Regards 

input: I am boy age of 30,but my sprem is thini want thick spermi face problem when I watch any sexy movie I get wet because my spram come automatically come out of my pienskindy tel me any fruit or food which help me.l am poor I have no money to snd you
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Please stop worrying about these sexual matters because all these are normal. Sperm thickness or color is not the determining factor of your fertility or your ability to produce child Chat Doctor.  On an average, semen is almost 95% water. Therefore, don't be anxious about it. When anyone watches porn movies, their penis discharge a liquid called pre-cum which is used for lubrication during sexual intercourse. This is also normal. I suggest psychological counseling to you. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Take care.

input: I have a 8 year old boy that is 77 pounds last year he weighted 56 pounds from july to now he gained additional 7 pounds. he has a twin brother that is not gaining like that he is active plays football is there something i should be doing to help him not gain the weight
output: Hello. I just read through your question. Weight is related to height.  In this age group we expect an increase in height to be accompanied by an increase in weight. In any case, a balanced diet and age appropriate exercise are always the most things in any age group.

input: I have been diagnosed with depression, bi-polar disorder, seizure disorder, extreme anxiety, cronic headaches I was beaten by my ex husband for23 yrs it started at the age of 14 ive tried to kill myself twice. my great grandfather, grand father, father, sister, brother and neice have all commited suicide. I hear the voice of my ex husband telling me to do bad things to myself. I have been cutting myself for years. Im so scared I am blind in one eye from the abuse and have had a broken hip as well plus many many different trauma. my anxiety level is so high I hide in my room cause I cant stand the grand babys yelling and screaming and crying I have horrific night mares please can you help me please
output: Hello, From the available description I feel you need a treatment at hospital setting where number of mental health professionals are available. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: there is a well defined rounded cystic lesion noted within cortex of the left kidney near the mid pollar region measuring 14.2X13-5mm which is anechoic in echopattern and the wall of it is thin and regular casting posterior acoustic enhancement.requested treatment
output: Hello, It seems that there is stone formation in the cystic lesion. Ideally, contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CENT) should be done to exclude malignant conversion of the cyst, and if there are any complications arising from the cyst, then partial or total neurectomy may have to be done. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, I have a kid of 1 year 3 months, she was crying from past night without drinking milk and without sleeping the whole night. Today morning she even refused to have a glass of milk. Now at my mother s house she had her break fast and again started crying and crawling here and there. what could be the problem with her ? Please guide us...
output: Hi, according to the symptoms that you have quoted, it seems that the child is having pain abdomen. Pain abdomen can occur due to acute gastroenteritis, stomach infection or worm infestation. Child should be examined by a doctor so that we may not miss any important finding. If pain abdomen persist, then antibiotic needs to be started. Give more Fluids to child. Give soft diet to child. Take care.

input: Hi sir  my wife is in 7th month pregnant and she has been facing gestational diabetic in early stages(3rd month) and doctor suggested insulin and slowly increasing the lots now. she is taking novomix 30 penfill. Morning 18 lots and evening 10 lots. Every week we are taking test by using glucometer. bayer product. But some time test results are showing 84-98 and 112-158. she was getting fear kindly give your suggessions
output: Hello and I hope I can help you today. Insulin is used to treat diabetes during pregnancy at all stages and is safe and effective. The disease of diabetes and high blood sugar is the part that is dangerous for the baby, and good glucose control is the best way to ensure a healthy child. Good blood glucose levels should be less that 95 for fasting levels and less than 120 after meals (2 hours).  If this is the way your wife checks her sugar, and you test at least 4 times daily, she is under very good control and should not need further adjustment of her insulin if her levels stay at the current level.  She should be checking her sugar fasting and then 2 hours after every meal.  So in summary, insulin is safe and absolutely necessary for the health of the baby if your wife has diabetes.  Please discuss the dosing regimen with your treating physician on a regular basis and make sure your wife checks her readings at least when she wakes up in the morning and then 2 hours after every meal.  She should also write down what she eats, so her doctor can also know if any changes need to be made in the diet. I hope this information was helpful and answered your question adequately. Best wishes to you and your wife for the rest of the pregnancy. Sincerely, 

input: i have a lump on my rib cage, it moves around. some light pain around the lump. i had the same lump last year after a strain in the gym to my chest plate area.it was bigger last year. now it has come back maybe brought on by exercise . noticed it yesterday, it seems to be getting smaller already. also seems to be right on the bone. thanks
output: Hi. Get a clinical examination by a Doctor, ultrasonography and guided biopsy to make it sure that it is not a serious problem and the exact cause of it. If it is recurrent think of getting it removed.

input: hello doc...i have a lump between my scrotum and anus its hard size of a pea, it sometimes disappear and reappear, also another painless sort of a pimple on my pubic area, yellowish, disappear when emptied and to re-occur in near and itching urethra....what is these
output: Hi! Welcome to Chat Doctor, and thanks for giving us an opportunity to discuss on perineal infections! So, your perineal lump is recurrent, small, nodular and accompanied by another yellowish nodule in the pubic area! I must consider, if you had visited my clinic, that these two are same in pathological terms; they are sebaceous inclusion cysts getting infected and resolving due to bodies immunity power! These needs a simple needle biopsy for confirmation and surgical excision / antibiotics for cure...Therefore, please see a surgeon for a clinical examination and necessary management.don't worry, ...

input: I have this dull pain on my left side, below the rib cage yet above the pelvis.  Depending on whether I breathe heavily or not, this pain feels knife sharp.  there is slight swelling in the area, about the size of a plum.  the pain doesnt increase with pressure.
output: Hello, Since how long you have this swelling? Please get an Ultrasound Whole abdomen and see a General Surgeon Immediately. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I have a kidney infection and I have been taking sulphameth/trimethoprim with pain pills. I havent taken my pain pills today and every time I try to move I have a shooting pain that starts about where my kidney is and shoots through my right lung to the top of my shoulder
output: Hello first of all get an ultrasound of kidneys and a culture/sensitivity test to find out to which antibiotic your infection is most sensitive to n accordingly take that antibiotic

input: HI I M 17 YEARS TEEN GIRL.,I HAVE BIG DARK SPOT SIMILAR TO A MOLE ON MY FACE ...HELP ME....WIT GOOD SOLUTIONS
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum the dark spots might be due to high melanin synthesis and has many causative factors. That could be plasma, dermatitis so on. The first thing to do when seeking treatment for dark spots on face is to talk to a dermatologist. He can give you a diagnosis for your particular condition. Then you can choose for any treatment. All treatment including homeopathy needs a proper case study then treatment. Thank you

input: I work for a company in the backroom and I stand for anywhere from four to seven hours at a time along with lifting really heavy boxes and was wondering if there was anything I can do to help me with my lower back issues they are very minor but I want to avoid them getting any worse.
output: Hi welcome Chat Doctor. Age2.sex3.duration, type and severity of pain4.mid or para spinal region of pain5.height and weight.However, steps can be initiated in the meantime preventive aspect is provided. Low back pain is common among people who stand or sits for long time. Proper ergonomics, exercises diet plays' role in prevention the same.1.ice massage and hot water fermentation alternatively 3 times a day, for minor pain u mentioned2.maintaining proper posture While standing While lifting weights(never bend your waist, instead bend the knees)3.stretching exercises which helps to reduce pain and also prevent further strains.(can be done in between work or during prolong posture)4.maintain BMI (proper diet and exercise)5.proper use of shoes6.once you are feeling better regular aerobic exercises like swimming, walking, bicycling Can keep your back in good condition. 7.prevention of episodes of back pain can be done by strengthening back hip pelvic abdominal muscles, however heavy abdominal crunches must be avoided. If pain aggregates or any numbness of hip or leg you can consult your doctor for further assessment.

input: What is treatment for piaderma? I am 61 yoa, 5"6, 155, had ulcerative colitis for approx 20 yrs.  Recently had surgery for colon removal and developed piaderma.  Have been referred to a dermatologist but until then, is there any remedy I can do?  Is getting progressively worse, ulcers increasing and bleeding.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Pyoderma means pus in the skin and can be caused by infections, inflammation and neoplastic etiologies. Any condition that results in the accumulation of neutrophil exudate can be termed a pyoderma. But in general practice most commonly pyoderma refers to bacterial infections of the skin. Normal resident bacteria of skin such as staphylococci, streptococci, Micrococcus and Acinetobacter can lead to this condition. The treatment of superficial pyoderma is with appropriate antibiotics for not less than 20 days. Fluoroquinolone group of Chat Doctor. Topical antibiotics may be helpful in superficial pyoderma. Bacitracin and polymeric B are more effective against gram negative bacteria, if it is the cause of infection. Thank you.

input: I masturbate 3 to 4 times a day.. if i ejaculate i gain weight and if i stop ejaculate for a particular time i lose back my weight. And whenever i ejaculate, next day i have bowel problems, lower back pain, dry skin. If stop for some days it all vanishes...Kindly provide me with the solutions
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum Masturbation is not related to weight gain/loss and other problems what you have.  Masturbation is not harmful, if done when excited. So, please visit a doctor for the cause of your weight gain & other problems. All the best.

input: I have a background of hay fever which gets quite severe with an almost contantly runny nose and mild asthma. I find it quite hard to tell the difference between allergies and a cold. for a week now i have had varying symptoms which started with sneezing, a runny nose (extremely so!), there was a slight sore throat with it, and i now have a slight cough and a little breathlessness. There has been no fever but i do work in child care, germ central. unless i have a fever im never sure if i have a cold or allergy and im not sure if the breathlessness is asthma symptoms or not. thankyou
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Allergies and common cold can be associated with similar symptoms. The main differences would be fever, change in appetite or energy level that may occur with the common cold. The time frame would also vary, if the symptoms are acute then it is more likely a cold, if they are long term-allergies. The treatment of both would be the use of decongestants (topical or oral), oral antihistamines and cough suppressants if needed. I hope this helps

input: I have a circular rash on the palm of my hand which is now on the sole of my foot. They come and go but are very itchy. I have now found a raised rash in the pubic line which is not itchy. The rash seems to be like an insect bite and is more yellowish in the middle. Im male 28 and have not had any problems of this klind in the past and have not yet tried to treat this problem.Please help thank you.
output: Hi, As per your descriptions, it could be due to eczema, tinea, psoriasis, insect bite etc. You will require topical corticosteroid like beclomethasome or clobetasol or mometasome with antifungal cream like itraconazole or fluconazole with oral prednisolone and fluconazole with antihistamines. This type of skin itchy rashes are required to be seen by naked eye of a doctor for confirmed diagnosis. So, better you consult dermatologist and start the treatment. You will be alright after that. Thanks.

input: I had wisdom teeth extraction four days ago. Was running a temp today, which has now come down, and feeling unwell. Aches, headache and very tired . These symptoms appeared about two days after my surgery . I has Iv sedation . Im worried about septicemia or endocarditis? AmI over reacting . I saw my dentistToday to address my symptoms and he didnt seem worried . Stated my extraction sites were not infected . ShouldI see a MD?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing, All you need to do is relax. These symptoms are sometimes seen after a normal minor surgery. As you told, you were given general anesthesia, please give some time for yourself to recover.  Fever can also normally occur after a stressful procedure, and just as it came down, you will recover with other problems also with time.  Just continue with the antibiotics or analgesics whatever are prescribed by your dentist.  Septicemia or endocarditis are risk factors if you have undergone any previous surgeries or have any congenital heart problems or valve replacements. In that case the doctor prescribes you with antibiotics before the procedure itself.  Take sufficient rest and relax to have a fast recovery. You only need to see a physicist if symptoms persist even after taking adequate rest.  Stay healthy, Thank you.

input: Hi just wondering my husbandmay have an infected tooth. Our ine yr old sun had a tiny cut on his finger and my husband put it in his mouth it is now infected could this have caused it? Can other infections such as throat infection also be passed on through kissing someone with a tokth infection or abcess?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint in case if someone has an infected tooth, infection is commonly not transmitted to another person by coming in contact in saliva, although throat infection can be contagious and when there is active infection it can be transmitted to other people via close contact like kissing, sharing utensils and napkins and especially viral throat infection is very quickly transmitted. In case if your husband had an abscess in his tooth and if it would be Chat Doctor. . So you need not be extremely worried. I would suggest that your husband should consult a Dentist and get evaluated and an IOP AR [x-ray] can help in diagnosis. In case if tooth can be saved root canal treatment can be done while if there is gross decay extraction followed by antibiotics and painkillers will be advisable. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards.

input: i am 26 yrs old and i recently started with pain in the left side of my groin,it also goes round into my bottom.i am also suffering with lower back pain and shooting pains in my thigh! the pain has now spread into the right side of my groin and recently suffered from severe abdominal pain were i was admitted to hospital.i have had vaginal swabs taken,a ultrasound scan and bloods which have shown nothing so therefore they dont think it its gynalogical even though i somtimes go 7 weeks without a period and for about 9 months now are alot heavier too! my doctor has now referred me for physiotherepy to see if that helps.if i dont take my painkillers im prescribed,im in agony.
output: Hello, In your case such pains can also be due to reasons related to spine. If you have weak bones or there is low calcium or vitamin B12 and D then this can also lead to such pains. I support decision of your doctor to have physiotherapy. You may have relief in 3-5 days with it. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, i have mild sharp abdominal pain. I have had it for more than 24 hours. My bow movements have been a little irregular as of late. I have had some prunes today to try and improve that. I have also been passing a lot of gas. Please lend me any advice you have?
output: HI. Thanks for your query.The most probable cause of severe pain in abdomen with irregular bowel movements and gases can be a form of gastroenteritis. I would advise you the following:Take a course of an antibiotic and metronidazole and supportive and symptomatic treatment This may resolve your problems sooner. If no relief you have to undergo the following tests:Blood-routine and WidalUrine and stool tests in details. Ultrasonography of the abdomenEndoscopies if required.

input: Shortness of breath and harsh cough. Ex ray showed inflammation around my lungs. Dr. said a virus. Light smoker, but Dr. said lungs look beautiful. 80mg prednisone for five days brought no change. On my 3rd day of another 5 day prednisone script plus and inhaler, and still no change. Any ideas?
output: Hello appreciate your concern Shortness of breath and harsh could be related to Inflammation of the airway or lung due to allergic reaction or infection. Another possibility is obstruction in airway or collection of fluids in lungs or pleural cavity. If I were your treating doctor I would have advised you for a battery of tests after clinical examination in order to ascertain diagnosis like blood for hemoglobin, CAN, ESR, AEC (absolute eosinophil count), an X-ray chest or an CENT scan in case of chronic and refractory cough Meanwhile you should take steam inhalation and do deep breathing exercises. Continue with inhaler and anti-allergic Chat Doctor. Prednisone is a steroid and its doses to be tapered gradually like 40 mg than 20mgand slowly 10, 5 than twice a week followed by once a week and then stop. Hope this answers your questionPlease do let me know if anything is not clear. I will happily answer you Wish you good health and speedy recovery

input: I have a lump on the back of my neck and I have had this for almost two years. Ive told doctors but they say its nothing to worry about. But when I got blood clots In my left arm ive just been getting sicker. My legs and feet swell up and ever since thats happened my lump on my neck has swelled up and gottn larger.. Could this mean I have can cancer or leukemia?
output: Hello, Lump in the back of the neck can arise from the skin, subcutaneous plane (deep to the skin) either from fat or fibrous tissue or bone.  Because of the consistency and mobility we can differentiate each. It is there for 2 years now increases in size. Clinical examination and CT will differentiate the cause of swelling. The blood clots and pedal edema needs investigation of your vascular system. The swelling increases in size recently and your vascular system involvement need investigation immediately. As per your statement both are not cancer or lukemiaTreatment is as per the results. Best wishes

input: dr.  i have been using rmd gutkha for the past 2 and half years.  I used to take one or 2 small pouch daily.. nowadays i could not take any spicy or hot food. I could see few sores in the edges of my tongue.  will it lead to cancer.  I have applied few ulcer gel/madicines but still it is not cured. please help to recover from the above
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have history of tobacco and non-healing ulcer.  So there is HGH chance of having squamous cell carcinoma.  You should go for punch biopsy of that lesion and go for histopathological examination.  It will give you exact diagnosis. Whether it is cancer or not. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: extensive complex tear of the medial meniscus involving the posterior horn and body with partial extrusion of the body.small peripheral horizontal tear of the lateral meniscus.grade 3 chondromalacia in the medial and patellofemoral compartments.large joint effusion with associated synovitis.
output: Hello, Surgery (arthroscopy) is necessary to help improve your situation, followed by a long period of physiotherapy.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hello my name is myrna lafreniere...my son is 15 yrs old and hes had this problem before..he has a very hard time to have a bowl movement..this time its been over a week now that he hasnt had a bowlmovement..is there anything at home that I can give for fast reliefe..and hes not in any pain...but I dont understand why he goes like that..
output: Hello and, Thanks for writing to us. Begin each day with a cup of boiling water poured over half a lemon. Consume about 25 to 30 grams of dietary fiber a day, to promote regular bowel movements. For an effective treatment of constipation, add 2 tablespoons of Apple Cider Vinegar into an 8 oz glass of water, and Chat Doctor.  The Apple Cider Vinegar can also be mixed with apple juice or grape juice to make it more palatable. Take 1 teaspoon of psyllium mixed into a glass of juice three times a day until your constipation is relieved. Hope this helps you. Wishing you good health... Regards.

input: Hi i am 37 year old recently i have pain in my knees which was on off but now i am getting cliking noise when i go downstairs i had xray of knees one doctor said its oestoarthritis i went to orthopedic surgeon he said its pattella problem and recomend me some execersices My question is which one is more possible as my pain is not improving at the moment its bad when i use stairs i have no difficulty in walking
output: Definitely you need a sound clinical examination. Your symptoms more pain going downstairs indicates that its patellofemoral problem. It could be a Chen Chat Doctor.  Needs further evaluation with X-ray of knee app standing lateral 90 flexion and skyline view patellae.

input: HI, I have been on implanon for over a year, no period for 7 months. I have had negative urine pregnancy tests, cravings, nausea, mild pelvic cramps, jaw pain and gained about 4kgs. Today I felt fluttering in my stomach, and I m confused because I know you can have pregnancy symptoms as part of the side effects.
output: Hi there, I have understood your concern. I will suggest you the best possible treatment options. 1) First do not panic. 2) As you have missed your periods and your home pregnancy tests are negative, then please get blood beta Chat Doctor test to confirm or rule out the pregnancy. 3) If you have negative pregnancy test results, you need not worry about the pregnancy. Implant can cause all these symptoms per se too. It is not a reliable sign of pregnancy.4)If you are still worried, get a pelvic ultrasound done too. I hope this answer helps you. Thanks. 

input: hello, my husband was bitten by our dog on july 1, 2011. does he need to  have a anti rabies vaccine now? I cannot remember the exact year when our dog had  antirabies vaccine may be about 4 years ago. Our dog is ok right now. What should we do? my husband is 52 years old. not hypertensive, 5"8 in hieght.
output: Hello and thanks for your query. If your husband was bitten by the dog in 2011, there is no point in taking the injection now(it should be ideally taken with 24 hours or in the shortest possible time after a bite). But since you still have the dog, you should definitely do the following:1. Take regular vaccinations for the dog as recommended by your vet2. Both you and your husband take the preventive vaccine against rabies so that you will be protected if ever the dog bites again. Ask your doctor for the pre-exposure prophylaxis vaccine against rabies. If you follow the above steps you would be fine. Hope I have answered your question. Good day and take care.

input: My father is 78. He is taking clopidagril as he had a stent put in last year. He also inhales albuterol sulfate and ipratropium bromide. He has COPD. His trouble is thick mucus and expectorating. Can he take a 400-800 mg. Mucinex DM OR guaifenesin only several times per day? I haven t seen any drug interactions on line at Dr. websites. He is in above average health considering the COPD and has no other conditions which require medication.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) needs simultaneous implement of following treatment methods for better symptomatic control. 1. Quit smoking if he is smoker. 2.  Continue his inhaler according to the advice given by his doctor.3. Enroll in pulmonary rehabilitation center where Chest physiotherapy and deep breathing exercise Are done. 4. Take adult respiratory vaccines like pneumococcal and influenza vaccines for prevention of future lung infection. And yes you can definitely give him Mackinac or gunaphesin as both are expectorant and bucolic. But better to start pulmonary rehabilitation. This will help him more.

input: I have had numbness in my right hand for about a month or so. It comes and goes and usually comes when I am using that hand or the opposite when I am sleeping it goes so numb that it keeps me awake and is actually quite painful. I have seen my doctor and he thinks it is related to arthritis that I have but no other place that is irate by my arthritis is affected.
output: Hithanks for writing to Chat Doctor .you seem to suffer from carpal tunnel syn Chat Doctor.  it's a condition in which a major nerve supplying the thumb, index middle and part of ring finger gets compressed at the wrist level. Please do the following1. Use wrist splints, especially while sleeping2. Avoid bending your wrists too much3.avoid keeping your wrists under your head while sleeping4. Give rest to your wrists, avoid typing too much on your computer or mobile phone.5. Apply ice packs4-5 times a day6.use a mild analgesic like acetaminophen it will take 3-4 weeks for complete recovery. Hope I have answered your query thank you

input: hai i m Shamna...i m writing this msg for my Grand pa.....he have some pblms, the main thing he won t sleep at night and At nigh he ddon t knw anybody else even his Wife( my grand mom) and he ll sleep from mrng till eveng, & dnd the same all days...watz the prblm sir??
output: Hi, He needs a proper evaluation to determine the underlying cause of sleep disturbance. We also need to see his comorbid illnesses such as diabetes/high BP, etc., before which any medicine can be started.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: yes my girlfriend was telling me about a small bump flesh in color right before her butthole says its sore basically just when she touches it im really concerned do you have any idea what it might be says theres no hole in center help pleeeeeeeeeeeeease
output: Hi. It would have been better if you also noted about other possible associated symptoms. This looks to be a pile if there is no pain. Clinical examination by a Doctor is necessary.Does she has any constipation? Is it of recent origin or is there for a long time?

input: i take test today mrng it became 2 lines one is thick pink and another one is light one it shows me i am pregnant .am i right if s i am so happy.i take this after 2 days when my period stops. is it right??and one more thing is i have go to journey for 4 days ,is it harmful for my pregnancy if s pls tell me the precautions which will i take????????? my journey on tomorrow. from escaping from bleeding can i take tablets which can stop periods
output: Congrats you are pregnant.  Yes you did the test in right way.  You can go for journey but take care it should not be long and exhaustive.  Start folic acid tablets daily.

input: Hi my name is April,Just recently I had an MRI done on my breast and the test results came back that my breasts were ok, but I have a cysts on my spleen. This morning I got a Ultrasound done on my spleen. Can you please tell me what I have to look forward to? Is it cancer? Right now I have no symtoms of soreness in that area, but I tend to get very bloated at the end of the day. I m very scared right now and I will not hear from my doctor until some time next week.
output: Hello Your report suggests splenic cyst. It is not necessarily a cancer. It is the most common focal lesion of the spleen. Splenic cyst may be benign, malignant, or it may be abscessed also. It may be developed due to trauma, parasite infection etc. Usually splenic cysts are asymptomatic and incidentally discovered during imaging. You may need CT scan of abdomen. Small and asymptomatic cysts do not require treatment.Whereas symptomatic cysts are managed surgically. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi my name is Zuzana.I have been suffering with lower back pain for over 2years since I gave a birth. Seen physio but didn t help.I have been with physio since february.Had an x-ray done.showed only scoliosis.also my womb area is painful now I m not sure what to do.Im only 32.I can t sleep at night bcs of back pain.Day time I m falling asleep.I feel very tired all the time. I also noticed red mark appeared on my back 2weeks ago and it s still there.Not sure what to do next.tnx very much.
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Usually happens due to muscle spasm, calcium and vitamin D3 deficiency. Do start with proper supplements, exercise and muscle relaxants. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: HI, had hip replacement surgery 9/23 and 58 yrs old. through a process of elimination the crazy pain I have is a pinched nerve in my lower right back.  Dr. says next step is to MRI the spot.  I have to work what can i do for myself to help remedy this?Thank you,Donna
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I agree with your doctor that an MRI would help examine better the nerve compression. A nerve conduction study may also be helpful. Meanwhile, I would recommend starting therapy with Gabapentin or pregabalin for the pain. These two antiepileptic Chat Doctor.  They are usually well tolerated in every age. Physiotherapy may also be helpful. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Best wishes, 

input: Hi Doctor, my brother wilson met with an accident on 10 Oct 2012 and he suffered from diffuse axonal injury , 7 days he was in unconsciousness , after 10 days they shifted to general ward on that time his left side parts was not woking proprely like(strock) after doing oil massage and physio treatment now he can able stand and walk. now his condition is his suffering from short term memory loss . his unable to recognize what is going on surrounding him and nowdays his behaviour also changing rudely talking & beating every one. is there any treatment is there to recover completely how earlier he was, please help me on this sir am having one and only one brother in my life.
output: Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor.  I am sad to hear about your brother health. Neuronal injuries are often permanent, so complete recovery is rare in such cases. Over a period of time some improvement in memory and behavior is possible.  After brain injuries some personality changes are possible which can lead to aggressive behavior. In such cases low dose anti-psychotic medicines are helpful. For that you can consult some nearby psychiatrist. Wish you all the best.  Chat Doctor. 99doctor.com

input: Hi so I m pretty sure its my first molar on the bottom right side that i got extracted on Monday Feb. 11th. For the first 2 days I slept and took the painkillers and Ibuprofen that they had prescribed but since then my gum on the outside feels sore and kind of raw. As if my cheek is rubbing against it and the second premolar feels like its shifting downwards a little bit. Sometimes it still feels like i have a massive tooth pain there and also my teeth on the other side of my mouth are starting to hurt a little as well(Also the tooth they extracted was abscessed). Is this all normal? I m 21 and haven t had a tooth removed since I was 5 and it s kind of freaking me out that my mouth hurts this bad still since its been 5 days. Also I was curious on why I m 21(22 in may) and haven t gotten my wisdom teeth in yet.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, As you have mentioned the first molar you got extracted was involved with abscess. So after extraction the socket needs to be curetted to remove the pus pocket and all the debris and irritants, disinfection of the socket is done, and then the wound is packed with cotton gauze .any remnants of abscessed tissue in the socket may lead to infection and pain. Secondly you may have developed a condition of Chat Doctor.  You need to get it clinically examined by a dentist to confirm and make a diagnosis. Pain the other teeth may be due to gingival infection which can be cured by scaling and root planing. About wisdom teeth, they normally erupt at the age of 18 to 27 years, so you can still wait as you will get the eruption signs once they appear. I would suggest you to get an OPG radiograph done which will show the wisdom tooth appearing as well as infection in other teeth if any, will help in deciding treatment. I hope I answered all your doubts, take care.

input: For the past 2 or 3 months, I have had very strong, pulsing heart beats and trembly feeling inside my chest that will not go away. Also, I have severe hypertensive periods, vertigo, and tinnitus. I have a history of Hashimoto s but TSH is normal, now. I have had brain MRI, Ct scans, EKGs, carotid dopppler, blood chemistries and all appear to be within normal range, with the exception of Vit D, I have added 5,000IU/day. However, about 2 weeks ago, I had an episode of hypocalcemia, confirmed by Trousseau s sign, periorbital parysthesia, etc.. (but total serum calcium was normal). I have since added calcium supplements. I am currently on 60 mg Cardizem 3x/day but BP is still 150/90. (I had an allergic reaction to carvedilol - hives, swelling.) Have been to ER 3x recently with hypertensive episodes 200/115 and palpitations. Have been to a cardiologist, endocrinologist, and PCP. Should I go to a neurologist? What other things can cause these conditions?
output: Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that these symptoms do not seem to be related to any neurological conditions, especially considering the high blood pressure values.  Coming to this point, I would recommend checking cortisol plasma levels, aldosterone plasma levels and urinary metanephrines in order to exclude a possible a Chat Doctor.  A panic disorder cannot be excluded either. For this reason, I would recommend trying low dose Alprazolam during these episodes and see if your situation improves.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello, I am a 41 year old female.  I fell down the stairs this morning and have tremendous pain in the top of my arm/shoulder. I  am unable to raise my arm or lift anything, The pain is going round into my shoulder blade but is generally within the section at the very top of my arm, I live alone and do not drive and really cannot get to a hospital this evening. Will I be ok to wait until the morning and do you feel I may have a fracture? Many thanks for your time. Charlotte
output: Dear Charlotte, there are three things that may have happened to you:1. Contusion of the shoulder, treatment only ice and painkillers2. Luxation of the shoulder, treatment go to the hospital directly need reduction3. Fracture of the bones of the shoulder, the treatment varies depending on from the damage you have sustained, conservative to surgical. So the conclusion is that you should go directly to the hospital. This is the best for you.

input: I went to emergecy room because of bad sinus infection and they took me right away. THEY ASKED ME what was my problem . I could not remember anything , they took my BP, IT was 230/120. They took me 2 a room and gave me chest exray. Doctor told me I had nodule on left lung and i need 2 get it checked out. BP drop down some and he released me. i asked for a refferal, he told me to find one because i had sinus problems. what should i do
output: Hi Dear !! Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Read and reviewed your query and health concerns. You seem to suffer from -Chronic Sinusitis with left lung nodule, with high BP. Seems mostly to be a case of -Aspergilli with APA with sinusitis with high BP. Bronhcoscopic Lavage with aspiration and biopsy-would fix it from other causes-like-TB /Cancer etc. Remedy-Check up with ENT and second opinion from Chest and allergy specialist would rule out cause of accompanied high BP with it. CT Chest with CT -PNS(paranasal sinuses)would resolve the complex health issues in your case. Depending on causal confirmation of the lung nodule, attending Physician/chest specialist and ENT Specialist team would plan further treatment accordingly. General antibiotics/with enough HY Chat Doctor. Commonest cause in your case would be Bronchopneumonia with aspirations from Sinusitis. Other common cause -TB bronchopneumonia- needs to be ruled out and treated with anti-tb medicines accordingly. Steroid with Itraconazole(Strong)-would resolve the nodule -is from aspergilli. Simultaneous treatment to control high BP with antihypertensive medicines would be needed in your case. Hope this would help you to plan further care of this complex illness of yours. If need be, update any health issue 24 x 7 by a direct question to ME, at following Chat Doctor link-Dear, if satisfied, Dont forget to close this query with YOUR pleasing feedback comments to rate this reply and service, to boost the morale of incoming Emergency patients like YOU, at Chat Doctor services. If you want to update more details and ask more update queries, You are most Welcome herewith !! Good Day!! Wishing Good Healthy Life in time to come!!

input: my child is two and half years old. He vomit out almost every time in the middle of his meal. after vomiting he finished rest of the meal. sometimes before vomit he talks about abdumenal pain. I contacted to a doctor and he doesnot give much notice about it.
output: You can give the child spy Zen tel or Spy. Bender 20 ml (100 mg/5ml)suspension, single dose along with food at night.Also, you can give syrup Bosnian manufactured by Himalaya 1 teaspoon, twice daily. This should solve the issue. In case if this is not working, consult a pediatrician. Also see to it if your hands, plate etc. is clean, and you provide hygienic food and boiled water. TC

input: I have myotonic muscular dystrophy. I have noted a gradual decrease in penis size now down to 1.5 to 2 inches long. This is not a joke. The problem is that it is difficult to urinate without getting my pants wed. What is causing this and can anything be done to stop the shrinkage. I currently take a number of Rxs. (I also have diabetes type 2 and COPD. (It has been years since I have had an erection.
output: Hello, It is not related to myotonic dystrophy. You can consult a urologist and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi dr..am 25 years old..am getting iregular periods 4 abt 6 yrs nd white color vaginal discharge s coming often....am having pcod....now  i had meprate  for  5 days,, still periods hav nt com...how many days it takes 2 get period..is there any problem in being pregnant?i took a pregnancy test nd it s negative..will i be able 2 conceive..plz do reply..am 163 cm height nd 64 kg..
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern and looking to your question I would like to say that the pregnancy is more natural phenomenon than the physiological one and this could be possible even with clinical problems like irregular menses, POD, etc. hope this information helps you, have a nice day.

input: i have a little bit of blood in my urine, what could it be? i wiped some on toilet paper and it was a faint orange color, so it was not much, i 1st noticed it this morning when it hurt to pee, the pain was a decent amount, i got back from school and went to the bathroom again and it hurt again but a lot less than this morning. there is no one with diabetes in my family, so it might be UTI (even though i have never had sex).
output: First get your urine examination done to confirm whether it is urine in blood or something else. Most common cause for blood in urine is calculus. Common cause varies from male to female. UTI can cause blood in urine, but not the commonest cause. So to know the cause complete urine & sonography is required. Treatment depends on the cause. Start taking plenty of liquids it will definitely help you.  Disclaimer

input: my wife had lscs on last 17th she had bp around 150/90 through out the pregnancy and after lscs her bp comes to normal but after 2 days she has some difficulties like breathing not properly and went to hospital found bp high and creatinine lvl is 2.9 on next day 3.9 and today 4.1 wat will be the cause of high creatinine level at the time of pregnency kidny function test was done and is satisfactory
output: Your wife seems to have gone into Preeclampsia related kidney injury. Other cause could be injury to the ureters during surgery. I advise you consult a Nephrologist immediately to manage her condition.

input: my mother had cerebral at last thursday 11/09/2014, her right side left, high bloode sugar detect 180 fasting & 300 pp tested. running medicine are decdan injection, amlokind 10 for pressure, vogomate v .3 for sugar , now last two days we noticed that she had bedsore back position what can we do?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Bedsores are the first sign of infection in a person who is immobile. Please inform her doctors and make arrangement for her to sleep on water bed to avoid more bed sores from happening. Since she is diabetic, there is possibility of the bedsore developing an aggressive infection. First medications are to be applied in the region of bedsore. A nursing attendant must be put in charge of turning her posture regularly and keeping the surface between the skin and bed Chat Doctor.  This will prevent sweat from accumulating and preventing new sore formation. Attempts are also to be made to lower her blood glucose. Diabetes causes infections to spread quickly to other areas and this must be prevented. Please check the bedsore wound every 6 hours and change surgical 

input: yes hi there i have a back tooth that has been sheared off to the gum line and has an exposed nerve a friend of mine gave me a couple of CLINDAMYCIN HCL 150mg. capsules  i was wondering if you think these will help my tooth till i can get to a dentist on Monday since the ER said there really isnt anything they can do and i should see a dentist thank you for your time and help in this matter Rich.
output: Hello there, Thanks for writing your query, Your clinical history suggests you are suffering from a severe periodontitis.  It is a condition where gum line with respect to the tooth shows severe recession and exposure of the root surfaces of the teeth.  It is caused due poor oral hygiene, improper brushing and flossing that leads to accumulation of bacterial plaque and calculus deep in the gum pockets and root surfaces of the teeth.  Yes CLINDAMYCIN is an antibiotic which can be used to prevent infection and suppress further damage, but antibiotic will work better when you get the gum treated by dental procedures. It needs to be treated by thorough professional deep scaling of gums and root planing of the teeth to remove all the irritants, this will help in resolving the symptoms followed by a course of antibiotic and analgesics.  I hope this helps, take care.

input: My 15 year old son has a history of seizures any time he would hit his head hard (probably 12-15) from the age of three to ten years old. He has had 3 concussions in the last 1.5 years from sports. He had an MRI last week and the result is a "shadowing" or "abnormal uptake" but the radiologist was sure there was no mass or abnormally. He is requesting a CT of that area to get thin "sliced" pictures of that area.What is wrong???
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, the history of your son is suggestive of Grandma seizures (Epilepsy) I would advise you to get done the EEG test this will confirm the diagnosis, instead of thinking for CT imaging it would be better to get done EEG test, I hope you could understand this, have nice day.

input: Hello, I just got my stitches taken out of my right thumb yesterday. Right after football practice today, I noticed that the wound has opened a little and a thick, yellow, pus like substance ooze out if my cut. I don t know if I should get it looked at or I ll be fine. Around the cut is yellow and purple.
output: Hello thanks for using Chat Doctor Yellow thick and fowl smelling fluid from a wound is indicative of an infection. The wound is infected. You will need to have wound Chat Doctor. Regular 

input: Hi,My husband is on warfarin at this time,he has gout bad in his ankle and was told he no longer can use naproxen for pain.the doctor says to use colchicine instead.He is in severe pain and terrible swelling.His dr. also said if no relief he can stop the warfarin a couple of nights and he can take naproxen instead.If he took warfarin 7hrs.ago would he able to take a naproxen now and not take his warfarin tonight?It is 2am in the morning.The colchicine has given no relief?????
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for the query. Naproxen and warfarin are not similar Chat Doctor.  I suggest not to change warfarin dosage. This is more important than pain treatment. He should take some opioid painkillers if naproxen and colchicine aren't helpful but i don't think he should stop warfarin.  Wish you good health. Regards

input: I have been diagnosed with Syncope and want to know exactly what it is. I also suffer from kidney disease and was on dialysis for 2 1/4 years. Now my creatine level is at 1.9. What is a normal level? I lost both legs and the majority of fingers on my dominate left hand due to Thrombotic Thrombocytopinia Purpura. (T.T.P. in 2003
output: Hello! Thank you for the question! I understand your clinical situation. A syncope is a sudden loss of body tone, with loss of conscience which lasts for some seconds. As a result the person falls sown immediately without understanding what happened. This is caused by a disorder called autonomic dysfunction which causes episodes of low blood perfusion to the brain. Have you had Chat Doctor? Renal failure is a common complication of these disorders. Syncope too. Renal failure can also cause syncope. So you have two RISC factors for syncope. The normal levels for creatinine are 0.5-1.5 mg/dl for men and 0.6-1.2 mg/ml for women. Your level is not too high. Hope to have helpful. Thank you for using Chat Doctor! Best wishes 

input: I have been drinking daily for about 8 years...approx 4-8 drinks a day.  My liver enzymes were slightly elevated a year ago and my ultra sound was normal.  But I kept drinking.  I stopped this week and am going to have a complete chem profile and liver function test next week.  My question is how long does it take for liver enzymes to return to normal after prolong drinking if I dont have liver damage?
output: Hi.thanks for posting query at ChatDoctori read your query and understood your concerning case there are elevated enzymes on liver test, then it takes "few weeks to few months" for liver enzymes to return to normal, provided treating physician advise is strictly followed. Wish you good health regards Chat Doctor. 

input: 49 yr old F. Yellow patchy skin on lower breasts and fold of thigh groin joint. Have not been sexually active lately
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor You could be having intertwine which is destruction of skin along with sweat accumulation and possible fungal infection. It is seen usually in obese patients. It is best to eat healthy and exercise daily to reduce weight in such a situation. Get your blood sugar and blood lipids tested. Consult a Dermatologist for possible antifungal medication like Clotrimazole which will work best.

input: My 5 1/2 month old baby boy has acid reflux but also keeps scratching at his chest and throat. He loses his voice frequently. He s had an xray of his esophogus, stomach and small intestines and all are normal. What could be causing his difficulty in getting out sounds. JC
output: Hi, By what you say the possibilities could be:1. Laryngitis caused due to micro aspiration of acid reflex2. Congenital laryngomalacia I am saying if the kid is active you need not worry about this at all. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello, I noticed a large dark purple bruise on my boyfriend s lower right abdomen. He has not been hit or otherwise injured, and there is only slight pain to the touch. His gallbladder was removed two months ago, if that is any help. I am worried because the bruise came out of nowhere and seems to be getting bigger.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read the history about your boyfriend and understood it. There is a history of gall bladder removal 2 months back. And now a bruise on the same - right side of the abdominal wall for no apparent reason. The possible cause can be reactivation of an infection in the abdominal wall post-surgery. Get an ultrasonography of the abdominal wall, X-ray to see if there is any Gas shadow. This indicates infection. Consult a General Surgeon and start on the treatment of antibiotics. If this does not settle with medicines, may need a Chat Doctor. 

input: My 76 year old mother fell out of bed for the thirds time this moneth.  Her recent fall was this morning and she has a huge lump on her upper arm, there is no bruising as of yet and she can raise her arm without much pain she is just tender and achy.  The lump is about the size of a tomato.  Should we be concerned.  She is also on warfarin.
output: HI, Dear Carson-Very Good Morning from India. Thanks for your query. I understand your concerns. I studied your query in depth.-I would advise your mother not to worry. In my opinion its -post-traumatic HEMATOMA.-Treatment-l you need to consult ER Surgeon to avoid any infection in it and pus formation, which needs to be avoided.-He would treat it- by-a-Cold compresses-b-Tb Antibiotic, c-Tb NSAIDs, and would adjust the dose-of warfarin accordingly d-Watch for any increase in Size of the arm lump. This would regress in next 2-3 was time.-Hope this reliefs your worry-some query. Welcome for any more queries in time to come. Have a Good Day.

input: My infant son had his two month checkup today. He was given three shots in the leg and was recommended to take infants Tylenol. They did not provide a dose recommendation and he is only 8.14 lbs. I bought infants Tylenol from Walgreens and the box says it s 160 mg per 5ml. The syringe starts at 1.25 /2.5/3.75 up to 5 ml.
output: Hi... Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (maximum ceiling dose of 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. For your kids weight and for the strength of the medication (160 mg per 5ml) you are having, you can give 1.5ml per dose. Regards - 

input: Couple trying for baby here. Whenevr we have sex, I find that after I ejaculate and pul out, most of the semen flows out from he vagina. Why is this? We usually have sex lying side by side or in doggy style.
output: Hi, thanks for query. There is no need to worry about this. This is not going to affect your attempts. This is pretty common and happens to most of the couples. Our of millions of sperms ejaculated only few enter vagina and reach the place of fertilization. Just keep trying. You should try in middle of cycle for having a better chance. Bye and all the best.

input: i recently started playing girls water polo at school and yesterday whale i was showering and cleaning my body i found a bump on my butt and when i touched it, it hurt. and today at school when i would sit it would hurt i have no idea what this is or what it can be i have never had anything like this before
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. If this lump is in the butt cheek area, infected colonial cyst is the most probable reason. If the lump is somewhere else on the butt, skin infection and small abscess it is. In both cases you need to have it incised and Chat Doctor.  Otherwise, it will get more painful. In case of colonial cyst you need to have it removed when the acute inflammation will be gone. Please consult general surgeon with this issue. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: I have enlarged foliate papilla on the right side of my tongue.  I have them for quite some time now.  My dentist did a "brush over" cancer test and it came back negative.  However, they do not seem to be going away.  They are also associated with a burning feeling in that area.  Any comments or suggestions?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor . I understand you concern there is nothing to be worried, this is enlarged papillae is seen this can be due to deficiency of vitamin supplements, iron deficiency, or due to acidity also. For this you can take some medication by consulting you doctor one tablet multivitamin once daily for 15 days. One tablet metronidazole once daily for one week One tablet Antioxidants once daily for one week. If you don't get relief then consult physician for complete mammogram.  Hope this will help you.

input: My 5month old fell off the bed, cried for a short while and calmed down. I observed him the next 2 days and he now has a bruise on his head I m almost certain from the fall. He is already teething so he has an occasional temp brought down by Tylenol. Should I take him in to be seen?
output: Hello. I just read through your question. A bruise on the head is expected after a fall. As long as there was no loss of consciousness at the time of the injury, there is no need for concern. The bruise will take several days, up to a couple of weeks, to subside. If he is otherwise well, there is no need to take him to the doctor.

input: my left hand feels as if i have beaten my fingers from the middle joint to my finger tips  they kind of feel numb  and very sore to the touch could it be from eating nuts  or what ?? my father used to get the gout real bad   it hurts so bad that i wake up in middle of night and soak in hot water
output: Hello, This could be gout but also could be some other form of arthritis. You need an exam and some blood tests to sort this out. See a doctor when you are able. Regards

input: hi ,i had done iui on 8/5/11 and 9/5/11.after taking inje.humoG 150 for 6 days from 1/5/11 to 6/5/11.on 7th aftter the scan dr. told me that i had 4 mature follicles ,so that we can done the iui on 8th and 9 by takig lupride inje.surprisingly on 16th my period started. dr. told me that some times it happens in iui .again she done a scan and told me that there are multiple residual follicles .what can i do?
output: Hello. Thanks for your query. If your period has started after GUI, then there is no chance that your GUI is successful. The presence of residual follicles does not indicate anything as after the dominant follicles rupture, rest of the follicles do take some time to regress. Hope I have answered your query. I will be available if you have any further queries. Regards

input: I was prescribed the following drug clindamycin 150mg capsules due to an oral medical issue. I have oral implants with a bridge. The screws broke off in my jaw. The attached bridge has come totally undone, leaving the open gum. The prescription has been prescribed as a preventive measure. I have no pain and no sign of invection as yet . After reading the warnings that came attached with the prescription filled at Walgreens I am extremely hesitant to take the drug due to the severe side effects. Possible death due toStevens Johnson syndrome ... I live alone so I not going to take the drug and take my chances with invection. Is that a wise choice?
output: Hi. Thanks for the query. I have gone through your query and can understand your concern. Well taking Clindamycin does not always cause side effects and that too are not always life-threatening, so better first relax. If you go through the side effects of any antibiotics you will always find a long list but all the side effects are not always seen in each individual who take the Chat Doctor. . So my suggestion is to continue taking Clindamycin. If you still doubt you can go for Allergic testing and once confirmed you can take safer antibiotics without fear of fatal side effects. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: I have an issue with my right knee I have a slight raised place on the lower outside part of the knew and have had for about 2 weeks it doesn t hurt down deep like a joint or tendon but rather the skin hurts to the touch or when i have pants on I certainly have never had anything like it before Any Thoughts??
output: Hello, As I understand with the query is all about the burning sensation. Now, this is not related to the knee. As you never mentioned the injury, so I suspect that you haven't had any. This burning sensation is related to the nerve root. Due to weakness in the spinal region, the nerve root gets impingement. As the nerve has the function of carrying the sensory and motor, any impingement of the nerve will cause the dysfunction in the normal functions of the nerve. I think if you do core strengthening exercises then your symptoms will subside Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I was tested for c diff and it came back positive. I am now on my 2nd round of flagyl, and I have a low grade temp of 99.9. I noticed that both times Ive taken this medication, my stool looks suspicious. I notice small 1/2 inch white looking worms on the toilet paper.  At first I thought it was just the t.p. balling up when I wiped but then I noticed a couple on my stool in the water.  Is this just from the meds or is there a parasite concern.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor, Hopefully the worms are coming out. Send a sample for testing if you find next time. If it is confirmed that that is worm only you may need benzimidazole Chat Doctor. Hope this explains with regards

input: hi there , im 6 weeks pregnant and since yesterday morning i started having pinkish discharge on wiping with no pain i did na ChatDoctor level it was 1280 . today it was repeated and became 1450. they couldnt find a sac on transvaginal u/s intra or extrauterine . the bleeding has become less today . i had cramps in the morning through the afternoon but they r resolving . after taking IVFC injection
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  In such a case it is difficult to determine the cause, It may be an inevitable abortion in the very early days of pregnancy, and presented at this date, H.C.G. may be positive for some more days, and the cramps could be due to the small mass of the sac, to be expelled, or may be due to infection. Ultrasound will be the final finding to rely upon. Still your doctor will be the better judge.  Wishing for a better health. Thank you.

input: Hi, I have what feels like a growth the size of an acorn on the inner thigh where the leg meets the body. Just noticed it. It isnt very painful, but when pushed some pus comes out of somewhere. Female, 175 lbs, 54. Im guessing an infection?  How can I get rid of it?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The history and symptoms suggest that you may be having a small boil, but it should be confirmed by physical examination. For the present symptoms I would suggest you to follow1. Give hot fermentation to the area.2. Apply topical TB act cream.3. Oral antibiotics like tab augmenting for 5 days. 4. Oral NSAIDs to relieve the pain. Thank you.

input: hello - Dr, i was given the cream Nuforce-GM after i complained of some skin problem i got after a high dose of medication after my leg injury - i got like a pencil line crack under my arm and bust line...it keeps drying and then getting damaged again during warm times - at least twice a month ...the cracks don t seem to heal... what do i do..pls advice - thanks
output: It could be allergic reaction, or it could be a skin infection. In such cases skin scrap biopsy is preferred if you're not getting treated by usual means.

input: Last Sunday i passed out. when my friend checked on me, i was unresponsive. when at the hospital my blood pressure was 76/48. after regaining conciousness, i couldnt speak correctly or move my right leg and arm. within a day, i was back to normal and prescribed nothing and given no answers. what happened to me?
output: Hello, There could be a few reasons to your symptoms. Since your blood pressure was so low, the first thought is that you were simply not getting enough blood to your brain. From you symptoms it sounds like your left hemisphere of the brain was affected given that you couldn't move your right leg and arm. Language also resides most commonly in the left hemisphere, so speaking would also be difficult. You didn't mention your age, but when symptoms are isolated to a side of the brain, what needs to be done is an MR-Angiogram (blood vessel imaging with MRI) or CT-angiogram (blood vessel imaging with a CT) of the arteries in the neck and brain to make sure that there is no narrowing of the blood vessel that could result in the symptoms just affecting one side of the brain. If neither of those tests are possible, then as a bare minimum a carotid ultrasound should be done. Alternatively, but much less likely is that you could have a migraine that caused paralysis and focal neurological symptoms. They are very rare, but still a possibility. The symptoms usually resolve in a few hours to a day. Lastly, a seizure could have also occurred which caused you to lose consciousness. There is a condition where after the seizure, it takes the brain time to recover and there can be difficulty with movement and language. Again, I feel that that is less likely. None-the-less you need more testing done to make sure the blood vessel are open. Also, they need to investigate the cause of your low blood pressure. It can be due to a Chat Doctor.  You should definitely speak with your primary care physician to have all of that investigated. I hope this helps. Sincerely, Kristoffer Mission

input: Last night I delivered a girl. It was late delivery due to the absence of doctor. Unfortunetly, baby has red scar on her right side on face and with the passage of time it became dark. Is it any need of worry. Will it remove itself. Please advise.Sadaf from karachi Pakistan
output: Hi, these scar must have developed during delivery. In my opinion, there is no need to do anything, the mark will go in 3 weeks time. Regards - Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been having issues with my stomach,  I feel bloated or my stomach is swollen, I also am having problems with my digestion my food sits in my upper stomach for days with this is very painful.  With this comes constipation .  I have tried fiber and yogurt and digestion enz, lots of water cutting down on my food .  I might feel better through the day but it comes right back.  Any suggestions.
output: Hello and thanks for posting. First, sorry to hear about your trouble. Second, there are many potential issues that need to be ruled out, and you should see a gastroenterologist to assist in this before anyone just states it is just irritable bowel syn Chat Doctor.  I do not know your age, but there is a website called breakingtheviciouscycle.info that you can look into to make some changes in the diet and eliminate potential contributing factors. Best of luck

input: after echo test docter asked when i get my heart attack before then i approched hospital where echo and tmt test are done and found positive i am taking medicen ;mrtoprolol,ecosprin-100mg,crestor-10mg,isosorbide-20mg,please advice how to cure my heart is by yoga it can be cure.after taking these medicen my stomak is up set.
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I passed carefully through your question and would recommend performing a coronary Anglo CT scan or coronary angiogram in order to examine better the coronary arteries. Stent's implantation or bypass surgery may be necessary based on the coronary angiogram. Meanwhile, I would recommend continue on these Chat Doctor. ). Regarding your stomach, I would recommend using omeprazole twice daily. You should take esprit only after meals. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Wishing good health, 

input: Hello. Can Tardive-dyskinesia cause involuntary smiling and cranio-facial and thorax hyperhidrosis? What treatment would be indicated? Thought about antimuscarinic medication but they have been removed from the market at some point in the past and nothing is available at the time being to treat hyperhidrosis which is my worst problem, although smiling in meetings or when I am very angry is also terrible...
output: Hello!My name is 

input: My 6 month old son is having cough from two weeks . Docter prescribed alaspam and suventus in first week . No relief was there , he took xray , chest was clear . Then he wrote augmentin duo n brodexyl . Cough reduced but here weather change so he started coughing again n suddenly increased . Noone is having cough in family n no perfume is used near the baby . His saturation was 98 . Now docter has prescribed ambroxyl - S and cetrizin hydrochloride syrup . Chest is clear theoat is also not red . But he is having running nose n severe cough . Plz guide me that docter is doing good treatment or not
output: As far as I concerned he is going well in his treatment...its allergic... If there is no fever.but if cough still continues you may do allergen test. For Inhaler

input: Last week I fell unconscious at 3:30 am in the midnight. within seconds I was awaken. Since last 1 week, I feel weakness and sometimes dizziness , I was under mental stress that time because of family health problems. I am 42 yrs of age. What can bee the reasons for the problem. This is the first time I had such incident. wrgds, satyaprakash
output: Hi, it appears to be the hypertension, epilepsy, if you have diabetes, and using medicines may be hypoglycemia. I advise you to consult a physician for diagnosis a dtreatment. You may need to have E.E.G., M.R.I. scaling, and other tests for confirmation. Thank you.

input: iam 41 yrs old recently the dark pig mentation around eyes and mouth are very prominent. i consulted kaya skin clinic they suggested skin lightening alternated with mesoglow treatment once amonth for 4months. but they gave partial success in the whole process.iw ould like to go for second opinion. is there any other alternative procedure for my problem.
output: Hi, Visible pigmentation in human results from the synthesis and distribution of melanin in the skin, hair bulbs and eyes.Hyperpigmentation can result from excessive sun exposure, use sunscreen with SPF 30. Some natural remedies are-mixture of lemon juice and cream; apply on face. Put lemon juice onto basil leaves. This is great for getting rid of pigmentation marks and dark circles that may have been a long-time problem. Apply lime (NIMBY) to the affected area, and after 15 minutes wash it off. This needs to be done on a daily basis. Other remedy is Comic acid cream which lightens up the dark spots but takes some time. However, mellow is a facial treatment using Vitamins and Mineral injections to add that healthy glow to skin which radiates energy and vitality. Subdermal vitamin injections rejuvenate the cells, making them more active and thereby stimulating the production of collagen and elastin. Overall it reduces dark spots; effects seen faster than comic acid. You can continue same treatment for dark spots along with natural remedies and sunscreen creams. Take care. Best regards,

input: my 26 year old son is for past 3 weeks is complaining about tighness tingling and numbness under his left rib cage. No pain. He says it comes and goes and he doesn t feel it at all when he is lying down. He is very atletic and plays major basketball and baseball. Is this a common problem
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should first rule out heart diseases for his symptoms because left sided chest discomfort is common in heart diseases. So get done ECG and 2d echo. If both these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes in young age, stress and anxiety can cause similar symptoms. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in his life and start working on its solution. He may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, he will be alright. But first rule out heart diseases. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your son. Thanks.

input: Hi I have had insomnia for about 18 years now, no I am not depressed, yes I have tried melatonin and I think all other supplements to try and find a good solution. If you could help me with a good solution for this you would then become my new best friend.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Insomnia definitely will be having an underlying basic factor which needed to be identified. You did not provide many details about the factors and other investigations carried out by previous doctors. You should provide this information. Secondly, provide previous treatment options. Provide emphasis on psychological aspect too. Psychologic origin insomnia is totally curable. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have been bleeding a little when I go to the bathroom out my anus. And the crack area has been burning I went to look today anmean have a red ring around the anus and down the whole crack is red n purple any idea what it might be or if its seriouse?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern. Discussion:- Looking to the history given here chances of fissure is very likely, constipation need to be relieved for further damage, and in case of profuse bleeding fissure should be treated surgically but in minimal or less bleeding no specific treatment required. Medication:- Local application of hemostatic agent can be tired, with "Provide Iodine" cream. Advise:- Have more fiber diet, Chat Doctor. 

input: hello doctor, I am 22 years old male and my weight now is 56 kg and height  176 cm.now I want to ask about masturbation.i was just masturbating from my 14 .is it bad wheather I should stop now onwards.if it is bad what r the causes and if it is not bad how often I can masturbate.plz clear the doubt doctor I am in great confusion
output: Masturbation is ethically wrong. It creates nervousness and neurological problems. It creates depression and makes one feel bad on his own. It is the main cause of erectile dysfunction. It reduces sperm count. It is main cause of speedy sperm release during intercourse, so it will create dissatisfaction to you and your wife. It makes you weak and Chat Doctor. . It creates 

input: iam affcted by psoriasis on past 3 years. i feel so depressed. pls suggest a good skin doctor in hyderabad.. pls help me... send the details to talathkausar91@gmail.com
output: HELLO WELCOME TO Chat Doctor... YOU HAVE PSORIASIS SINCE LAST 3YRS. WE HOMEOPATH HAVE GOOD MEDICINE WITHOUT ANY SIDE EFFECT. FOR THAT WE REQUIRED DETAIL HISTORY FOR SELECTION OF MEDICINE. SO IF YOU WANT ONLINE Homeopathy FROM ME THAN MAIL ME Chat Doctor. Com .MEET AGAIN FOR BETTER HEALTH

input: i ate chips then licked my fingers then pulled back my foreskin and wiped the area with the spit covered fingers. After a month or so i noticed white clustered bumps along the area i wiped the spit on. Please help me I dont know what to do is it a stdNo itching No redness just a little burning very rare
output: Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. What you are complaining of appears that you have a mild bacterial infection of the foreskin. Nothing much to be worried about it. This can be managed in the following way: 1. Wash the area with warm water and mild antiseptic like Salon solution twice daily. 2. Apply Aureomycin Skin cream following washing after it Chat Doctor.  3. Wear loose fitting underwear till the lesions heal completely. Keep the area clean and in good hygiene. Hope the information provided would be helpful. All the best.

input: I am 55 male 6feet 200lbs and today have to go pee every 15 minutes or so very little comes out and burning feeling on a couple trips I could not make it to washroom and a small amount of pee came out I am not sexually active for more than ten years through my choice
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern looking to the history given here, in male "person urinary tract infection" is very unlikely the most near cause of burning sensation is prostate pathology, that need to be ruled out and for that you need to get done the test, and the best option is ultrasonography test, hope this information helps you, take care and have nice day.

input: I have a 22 month old that keeps getting large red bumps off and on around the out side of her private area. It almost looks like an infected pimple. When I wipe her after taking her diaper off she shakes in pain and says it hurts. What do you think it could be?
output: A picture of that rash will help me in diagnosing the disease. It could be Nappy rash, Candida (Fungal) infection or bacterial infection. If the rash involves inguinal Fleur, most likely it could be candida infection. Is your children rash associated with fever? How frequently do you change the diapers? If you keep it for longer periods, child might develop those nappy rashes. And you ought to keep the surface Chat Doctor. A local application of Fluconazole will help you out with candida infections. And Emollients with nappy rashes. You can even try Happy Nap cream. Thank you!

input: hi im 20 and me and my husband are both healthy and are trying to have a baby we are having sex when we should and all my test are negative what should we do
output: Hellodear patient try to have sex on the 14th day of your periods and also plus minus 2 to that 14th day also you have sex. Try this method you will get your baby soon if your periods are normal and regular than this procedure suits you. If its is not normal and regular than get LH KIT to detect your ovulation day and have sex on that day. Take care regards Dr

input: hi dear my son is 1year and 9 mth old and till today he caughted by fever so many times.now he is also fighting with fever from last night.and i given him first mafenamic acid suspention 60 ml with the antiboitic secef and he got fever in the morning and i given him calpol with secef at 10 a.m. but still he have fever 101. pls help me what to do am very worried.
output: Welcome to the ChatDoctorI have gone through your question and understand your concern but don't worry. Most common cause of such fevers in toddlers is self limiting viral infections. They usually improve with in a few days. So, I would recommend you to give symptomatic treatment to your child. You may give Cal pol or metonymic acid for fever spikes. You may repeat the dose after 6-8 hours if the fever doesn't improve. There is no need for any antibiotic at present. So avoid giving see. Also, offer regular feeds and fluids to avoid weakness and deny Chat Doctor. Hopefully this will be helpful to you. I would be glad to help you for any further questions. Take care

input: I have heaviness and achy feeling in both of my calves. It does not hurt when I walk. Have had it for months, it s daily. Would like to know what is causing it. I do a Silver Sneaker s class 4x a wk., exercise. I no longer walk as much as I used to due to moving, climate.
output: Hello, As a first line management, you can take analgesics like paracetamol or diclofenac for pain relief. If symptoms persist better to consult a general surgeon and plan for a Doppler scan. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I  learned at the pain clinic today that my blood pressure is 90/56; 90/52, and 90/50 - sitting.  I am  "fatigued",light headed, and unable to do ordinary chores or raise my arms without cramping in arm muscles.   I do a little "straightening up of the house", let my dogs out, and then have to go lie on the couch for a couple of hours.  I occasionally get short of breath.  I am eating, but not  as much as normal. My pcp is on vacation.
output: Hi, Please get an ECG done and a complete blood count and General blood picture done for the symptoms as told. Anemia is to be ruled out along with any cardiac issue. Since these are and two main causes of shortness of breath and easy navigability. Please mention your age and gender so that diagnosis can be narrowed down

input: LEFT SIDE ABDOMINAL PAINby Dr Wan (Malaysia)Hi, Is a 50 years old male and had been having abdominal pains on the left side (towards the back) since two weeks ag0. The pains started on the upper left thigh and moving upwards.I cannot bent down or sway to the left and right without experiencing the pains.A. Medical History:1. Im suffering from asthma2. I have had a surgery for kidney stone in 19823. I have had surgery (endoscopic Decompression) for my back (L3, L4 and L5)B. Medication: 1. Etoricoxib (Arcoxia 90mg) for quite sometime and before this its vioxx. (when needed)2. Mecobalamine 500mg (3 x daily)3. Sabutamol inhaler (when needed)4. Beprosalic OintmentC. Supplements:1. Pharmaton (once daily)And I am also a smoker.
output: Hello and welcome Chat Doctor. .according to you the pt. Had undergone decompression therapy. Sometimes after surgery the pain still persists of has many. Causes like. Failed back syn

input: what would cause a crunchy pop noise and feeling in my spine when I move a certain way or sit down in a car followed by a severe pain that shoots up my neck and down my back to the point where it makes it hard to breathe?, it has been going on for a couple years
output: Thanks for asking. From your history it seems that You are probably having permitted sign which is most commonly seen in advanced cervical spondylosis. 1. Get a Straight X-ray of cervical spine (AP & LAT view)2. If it's suggestive of spondylosis, start using soft cervical collar of proper size.3. See a physiotherapist for neck excercise4. Avoid activities which require forward head bending or excessive neck movement.5. For pain relief you can use Tab. Gabapin-NT (400/10) once daily at night. Hope it is useful. Review if needed.

input: I am 22 weeks pregnant and in hospital with suspected appendicitis I am receiving antibiotic treatment and not surgery right now as am pregnant, am getting IV aztreonam and metronidazole will these work to treat appendicitis or am I going to need surgery whilst am pregnant? I had extreme pain 2 nights ago in right side, am still in pain but doesnt seem as bad, my temperature an white blood count are normal too, am so worried about the thought of surgery and does this sound like definitely appendicitis?
output: Hi. Do not worry. Relax. This one of the needs for the better outcome in any disease. 22 weeks is second trimester. You are on a correct antibiotics and appendicitis may very well subside with these medicines. Just follow whatever your Doctor advises you. Since your counts and temperature are normal, you may not surgery now. Please post the symptoms and findings chronologically for us to tell you about appendicitis (you have not put in symptoms here). Review ultrasonography / MRI to confirm the diagnosis and see the progress is a good way to follow the disease as well as improvement in your symptoms as abatement of symptoms, a good and sound sleep, good motion in the morning and feeling hungry are the best symptoms to judge the progress.

input: Hi, I just recently lost my son while I was 23 weeks pregnant. I hadn t felt him move so I went to the doctor and found out there was no heartbeat. When he was born he looked absolutely perfect. What s even more upsetting is that I was in to see a specialist 3 weeks earlier and they said according to the u/s that he was a very healthy little boy. How and why is my son gone 3 weeks later?
output: Hello, I am so sorry. Please accept my sympathy for your loss. There can be infections, birth defects, complications of pregnancy such as high blood pressure.  Mom can be a smoker, alcohol, overweight, African-American, have diabetes.  Many times the cause of a stillbirth infant is unknown. Most women become pregnant again, have a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby. You may wish to contact a group of other women who have also lost a baby. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,I have had Crohns disease for fifty years.  Over the last fifteen I have been on Purinethol 75 mg. a day.In the last five years I have had numerous bouts with squamous skin cancer.  I have been told that the purinethol has exasperated the progress of my skin cancer.  It has really helped my crohns but now I have a new problem and feel like I am between a rock and hard place.I am 68 and very health aware but they dont seem to stop cropping up on my arms and legs and hands.Any advice.Thank you YYYY@YYYY
output: It is best to continue with the medicine if that is helping you relieve Crowns symptoms, but you need to be under regular supervision and screening for skin cancer because you had it many times

input: my husband was moving boxes, tweaked his knees, didn t put ice on for 2 weeks. they swell above the knee during the day. He sits in a chair most of the day, but go back down when prompt up and elevated at night? They muscles seem to be tight but with message they loosen up. He has had a torn meniscus 28 yrs ago says it is not the same pain. Ideas of what is wrong. He is 100 lbs over weight.
output: Most probably she gets often arthritis of her knee due to long history of torn meniscus. She should take X-ray of both knee in standing position

input: hi i have an enlarged taste bud going on almost a year. im not the healthiest eater so when i noticed it i ate healthier. when it went away i stopped and it came back. now it doesnt go away at all. this started when i bit my tongue twice in the same spot.
output: Hello and welcome. Thanks for sharing your concern. Please note the symptoms indicate towards vitamin deficiency, specially vitamin B.Therefore please start with vitamin B supplements. Maintain oral hygiene regularly, use Medicine mouth wash regularly. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: My 7 yr old son is adopted from Guatemala. We have recently noticed a faint white line in the middle of his chest from just below his nipples almost all the way to his belly button. Is this normal? Anything to worry about? Any indicator of any kind of health problem?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. This white line can be normal finding, but better to get done following tests. 1. CBC (complete blood count). 2. Vitamin b 12 level 3. Calcium and vitamin d3 level. 4. Thyroid function test. Anemia, vitamin b12 deficiency, low calcium and vitamin d3 and hypothyroidism can cause similar skin changes. So get done above-mentioned tests. If all are normal then no need to worry much. This line will gradually go away with time. And if any of the test is low then your child needs supplements.

input: Hi Dr. Mintz. Last week I experienced shortness of breath and a chest x-ray was ordered. The findings were that 1) bilateral hilar prominance was noted due to vasculature as opposed to enlarged lymph nodes. 2) septal thickening of both lungs Do you know what causes this? I no longer am experiencing shortness of breath, but I still have weasing in my bronchial tree. I am not a smoker. I am 51 and have been battling osteomyelitis in my great toe which was recently removed. I now am on six weeks of IV antibiotics administered through my PICC line. Thank you, Bri
output: Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should consult pulmonologist and get done PFT (pulmonary function test) to rule out bronchitis. Age more than 50 is an individual risk factor for bronchitis. You are also having wheezing with shortness of breath, these also favors possibility of bronchitis more. Bilateral septal thickening is also seen in bronchitis due to inflammation. So consult pulmonologist and get done PFT. PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but also tell you about severity of the disease. And for treatment severity is important. You may require inhaled bronchodilators. No need to worry much for septal thickening in both lungs.

input: I have NHL, infusion #5 next Monday. Will have total of 6, three weeks later. My stomach hurts so mmuch but no nausea or diarrhea. Should I try the Prochlorperazine Maleate 10 mg to see if helps.....dr prescribed some time ago but I have not tried.
output: Prochlorperazine is a prescription Chat Doctor.  It's also marketed under the brand names Compo and Procomp and is used for controlling severe nausea and vomiting. Prochlorperazine may also be used to treat schizophrenia. It is usually not used for stomach pain

input: Hi, I am 22 years old and I have lost 50 pounds on the ChatDoctor diet in the last 70 days, 5 days ago I was having some chest pain for about 3 hours, than today I had the same thing could it be from eating broccoli? It sure feels like a gas problem because I feel like I just want to belch all the time. Also when I bend over sometimes I get a small pain on the right side of my chest on my rib cage? Any answers?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of acute gastritis and gaseous bloating is more likely. So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. 2. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals.3. Take pantoprazole and levosulperide combination on empty stomach twice daily.4. Go for walking after meals.5. Keep 2-3 pillows under head in bed to prevent gas reflux.6. Quit smoking and alcohol if you have these habits.Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Im experiencing an unusual sensation in my upper chest when walking. It sounds like there is water slopping around in there. And when i say sound other people can actually here ir. Its not painful, although you can feel a slight jarring sensation as it slops against the side of whatever it hits.I am a mild asthmatic and bronchitis but very mild
output: It could be slight accumulation of fluids, but you have not reported fever etc. I would suggest to better get it excluded at Pulmonologist.

input: hii..i had my last periods on 16 jan.. we had sex on 23 jan and condom leaked inside. i took unwanted 72 on 25 jan..still not got periods... normally cycle is 28 days.. i neither have symptoms of pregnancy like nausea, tenderness in breast or other common symptoms...only sometimes having feeling same as pre-menstruation cycle...m i pregnant??
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to us. You did safe sex on 23rd Jan as per last period date and took Unwanted 72 pill on 25th Jan, which will give extra protection. In this case, your chance of pregnancy is NIL due to safe period. Your late period is MOSTLY due to hormonal imbalance (effect of the pill) and mental stress. Period may be delayed for 1-2 weeks. On negative test, you have to wait for coming period naturally. If your period doesn't start within 2 weeks, you must undergo one pelvic ultrasound scan and hormone test to pinpoint the diagnosis. You may require progesterone pill to induce period. Kindly, consult with your gynecologist and take complete prescription. You should control body wt, avoid stress, take healthy low carboy Chat Doctor. Good luck and take care. Be well.

input: Hi I m 25 years I had a miscarriage in February 2012 and I got again in July during period I had sex and got pregnant and in march 2013 I had the at 8 months by c section the baby had abnormal heart kidney and liver problems baby stayed in nicu for a month died on April 12 2013 and 9 months later I m having trouble getting pregnant help please
output: Don't be in a hurry to conceive so down after cesarean. ...you need ample of time for your body as well as uterus to be capable to handle a new pregnancy. ....the scar of cesarean takes 1 year minimum to be able to carry a next pregnancy safely...since you had a baby with birth defects....get your tests for congenital anomalies done and start taking folic acid 5 mg along with multivitamin to cover up for any internal deficiencies for at least 3 months

input: I am a 43 year old female and have had back pain several years ago that was a nerve of some sort. Now I recently have been having pain in my spine when I sit or put pressure on it. It feels different than the nerve pain and does feel like pressure in the lower spine. What could be going on?
output: HiT hanks for being on Chat Doctor.comas you are having pain in lower spine region, I would like to know if this pain radiates to any of your legs. Also, do you have numbness or abnormal sensations in your legs? If yes, that may be a pinched nerve in your spine, and you might need an MRI of lumbosacral spine to evaluate the same. Otherwise, also, MRI will help in diagnosing. Chat Doctor. 

input: Yes, I just returned from the Emergency Room! The ER People did a great job! My main Complaint was Severe Chest pains on my left side, Radiating from my Sternum up and around my upper portion of my left chest, close to my collar bone, then down the left side of my body! Stopping at the bottom portion of the left side of my chest! The People at The ER drew Blood samples, did an EKG, ran X-Rays And said I was not having a Heart attack! Which I Trust and Believe is True! Even after all the Pain Medication they gave me at the ER, I had no relief from the Severe pain! I am not worried about the pain, as much, as to what this Ailment might be? I also have Numbness from my Elbow down to my finger tips! I have not had any recent Injuries! No Severe Coughing fits? I have quit smoking about a month ago? I have no Dizziness, nor am I lightheaded! Just the Severe Pain on the left side of my chest, with numbness from my left elbow down to my finger tips! Any Suggestions, of what it could be?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorOf course this is typical symptoms which may be suggestive of cardiac disease could be because of ischemia, if the EKG is unremarkable then this does not rule out the possibility of ischemia but this need to differentiated with the help of trade mill test, ECHO, and if possible coronary angiography need to be done, if these test are unremarkable then it can be said that this is not the cardiac disease, till then condition can be treated with Tab Omeprazole 40 mg and Tab Risperidone 30 mg once in day, hope this information helps, take care.

input: I am a 24 yr old, healthy and active woman. In July, I was cleaning and took quite a hard fall and hit my back on the side of the bathtub. Ever since, my thoracics and lumbar has been a problem. I have been to the chiropractor repeatedly since and the problem always seems to come back within a week. I went to my doctor and he diagnosed a muscle sprain and put me on somas, but they do not help. Also, a few weeks ago I was putting on a pair of boots and heard a snap in my very lower back...followed by alot of pain. What should I do?
output: Hi, It is quite common to have these types of pain persisting for quiet a lot of time in absence of proper treatment. All you need to do is to give rest to your back, avoid over exertion and lifting heavy weights. Along with warm saline fomentation twice a day, consult a physio also for ultrasonic therapy. If all these doesn't proves to be effective then get an X-ray of the affected part done. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: sir, my 18 month old daughter is perhaps experiencing burning sensation & pain during passing urine for 2 days she cannot speak very clearly as she is a small baby but realising her trouble we did her urine routine test where Pus Cell is found 30-40. sir please suggest us what to do?
output: Hello, What about the esterase and nitrites in the urinalysis report?? This is most probably UTI, but confirmation is needed and may be urine culture will be needed as well, Is there any fever, if yes what is the garden other symptoms like loin pain, vomiting, ... Regarding the treatmentTrimethoprim will be the Chat Doctor. 

input: Having continuous joint and muscle pain looking for natural remedies and supplements that might relieve.. Last fall I had shooting pains in feet/ legs tremor like.. My doctor then said restless leg syndrome I don t believe it is.. Tremors stopped but feel like bones are week and joint muscle pain all over everyday
output: Hi, You can take analgesics like Ibuprofen or Diclofenac for pain relief. If pain persists better to consult a physician and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: i am having pain between shoulder blades to the point its spiking bp. i am on blood pressure meds and the local drs are stumped as to what could be causing it. i am non smoker, run frequently, exercise daily (until recently). my systolic blood pressure has stayed high
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor, I am Chat Doctor. Pain between shoulders blade can be due simple muscular or can be due to aortic dissection with sharp pain ... if u were my patent I would like to ask detail history with examination n run test ESP X-Ray to look for mediastinum widening to rule out dangerous condition n if it is culprit then TX by surgeons ...in case muscular pain need simple analgesic n muscular relaxant ... I hope this answered your question, if you have more feel free to ask. Regards.

input: I am 55 years old I went to have my mamogram test done in 2011 January and the Tech told me she saw something there and when she did the test over she did it so hard that my breast hurt really bad and could not sleep well that night until i drank some pain tablets so to get some sleep,and April Month end of that same year  i started to feel very sick and serious pain in both breast and went to my Family Physician and explained my conditioned to him and he did not handle my condition well and i am still in pain with both breast, cannot eat as i used to, blotted all the time,pain in both arms and under. please help with this condition that i am going through. Lost weight very rapidly in my whole body and still he never tried to send me to see an Oncologist because those type of Doctors are only for people who is diagnose with Cancer of the breast and it takes a year to see one. How did he know that the Radiologist did not see a lump and that is the reason why she did the test over again and send it all over my body which i had said to him but still ignore my request to send me to see that specialist. I think ur  Physician should listen to their patient wish and tried to help them,because is the patient who is feeling ill and knows all about there body as soon as possible. I am still suffering. Thanks and please give me your in put.
output: If your mammogram is normal and if you don't feel any lump when you self examine your breast, it is very unlikely you have breast cancer. Maybe that is why you are not referred to an oncologist. Regular exercises and Yoga might help you

input: My husband had elevated liver enzymes app 4 years ago, his dr at the time thought related to taking Chantix. After the med was discontinued, levels were followed a few times, they were trending down so his dr said not to monitor the levels any more. He had levels drawn again this week and his ALT was 112, AST 46. How concerning is this?
output: Hi, elevated enzymes specially we need to think first is Hepatitis B and C, and we need to think of fatty liver too, IF they ARE NORMAL THEN THINK OF WILSON DISEASE WORK UP WITH SERUM CERULOPLASMIN, 24 HOUR URINARY COPPER AND AN OPHTHALMOLOGY OPINION to rule out K F Ring by slit lamp examination. Even this turns out to be normal last option would be autoimmune work up accordingly. Thank you

input: I have barrel chest and went for a checkup to see if i have asthma but the doc said no. I am having severe shortness of breath and even though i sleep more than average i still seem to be extremely tired. What should i do?
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor.barrel chest has been associated with lung and heart pathology, but not necessarily. If you have shortness of breath and tiredness, please consult a medical specialist to use out valvular lesion associated. Ideally get your lung function tests (spirometry) and an ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY . Get an x-ray chest done also. Hope your question is answered. Take care and wish you good health.

input: I am still dealing with mid to lower abdominal pain which started in June 2012. I have seen doctors and had lots of tests, but so far no diagnosis. The pain was sporadic until December 2013. Then it became more intense - more painful and more often. Now it s almost constant. I have had issues with constipation for years due to my need to take narcotic medication for chronic pain (reflex sympathetic dystrophy, lymphedema, arthritis, etc.) In 12/13 my medication was changed and the pain in my abdomen became my new chronic pain, overtaking the other pain, which while still there, is not as prominent. My pain medication has been adjusted, but the pain remains. While I was being tested to find what was causing the stomach/abdomen pain I was diagnosed with leukemia (CCL) which apparently is not related. The question is what is causing my pain? Stress makes it worse, and while constipation may be an issue, the pain became worse after my colonoscopy & endoscopy. I have also had a CT Scan, PET Scan, intestine scan, can t have a MRI due to a spinal cord implant. So far these things have also been ruled out, IBS, hernia, no vaginal issues, gastritis. My doctor thinks it might be muscle spasms. I have been keeping a food diary and I have not found any discernible patterns or any clues. Could it be some sort of food or substance allergy? HELP
output: Well, as your investigations are normal, nothing much to worry. Keep healthy eating habits. High fiber diet, plenty of liquids, avoid constipation, keep relaxed, probably you will get relief.

input: Hi, I have a brother that is diebitic and has a cute on his foot. it is swollen. He went to the doctor and the nurse said for him to go the the hospital to have it check out and make sure is not gangurring. cant spell it. He has been cleansing it and putting Iodine on it and soaking it. He says the bubble that in side cute busted and its draining out. He says he cant hardly was on it. I trying to get him to check in to the hospital, but no luck.in the mean time he tring to keep it clean. Is there any good medicine I can get to keep it clean, untill I can get him to go to the hospital and check it out.
output: Thank you for you question. Diabetes is a chronic condition and its complications predisposes people to have chronic wounds on the lower limbs which can lead to gangrene and cause lead to an amputation of the said limb. This situation is worsened when the Diabetes is poorly followed up. I would ask you to first of all check his blood glucose level with a One-stop machine and make sure it is within normal values for diabetic patients i.e. 1 - 2 g/l, secondly verify if he is taking his diabetes medications, do twice daily wound Chat Doctor.  Consult a planetologist when you can. Good luck

input: hi, I am a 25 year old woman and I am concerned that my hair is falling out too much. I always had thick hair. I recently noticed that my hair drops a lot in the shower and when I am casually running my hands through my hair. I also noticed my scalp has been itchy. could this be alapesha?
output: Hello, thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. In general there is loss of 100 hairs per day which is considered as normal. Excess of that leads to halogen effluvium which in which significant amount of hair is lost. Many internal conditions have to be ruled out to control it. Following investigations are advice for hair fall:1.CBP2.SERUM FERRITIN3.SERUM IT B12 AND IT D34.THYROID PROFILEItching of scalp occurs in Dan Chat Doctor. Use an antigen

input: how to get of dark spots on legs which have been caused due to injury....is there any cream or home remedies for the dark spot to disappear in few days or weeks....
output: Dear Latham, Thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. As per your query it would be very much required to know how long back was the injury and how long it took to heal. Are u using short Chat Doctor.  You might need a combination of treatment crmes to get rid of your problem completely or partially depending upon the above factors. I would suggest you post some pictures to your plastic surgeon or a dermatologist with special interest in cosmetology for getting the right treatment

input: Dear Sir,I am 33 years old of weight 79 kg and height 1.74 m. I have been following  my doctors prescription of taking  1 no of Udliv 600 mg each before lunch and dinner , 1no  of Atocor 10 mg after dinner and 1 no of Rablet 20 mg before breakfast since last 4 months. Before 4 months my SGPT was 107 and SGOT was 67. Recently I have found my SGPT and SGOT to be 62.2 and 54.4 . However, my triglyceride level is 204.2 mg/dl. Is my treatment going in proper direction? Moreover, I have been using Neurological medicine Desval-ER-500 since last 5  years due to epileptic disease. Does this medicine has any adverse effect in lever function? Please help....regards,AAAA
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Most anti-epileptic medications including Deal (Valerie acid) affect liver function, however, based on the information you have given your liver function is certainly improving (decrease in SGPT and GOT) indicating that your treatment is going in the right direction. However, your triglyceride level is still high. I recommend increasing the dose of Amoco and repeating your lipid profile after a couple of months. In this regard I will advise you to consult your primary physician and monitor your lipid profile as well as liver function. Hope this helps.

input: I am in good condition. No known issues. Non smoker. Very light drinker (less than 1 beer a day). Exercise regularly. 55. 5 10 200 lbs. Have some sleep issues otherwise healthy. All check ups have given me a clear bill of health. I have been exercising and according to my heart rate monitor on the machine my exercising rate occasionally jumps from 130 (during exercise) to over 170 for brief period. Sometimes it seems like I have a gas bubble in my chest that I expel, however I also feel fatigue until that air is released.
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems in relation with gastritis or reflux acid disorder likely with keeping possibility of stress, low hemoglobin levels to be ruled out. Hope this clears your query. Always feel free to ask further doubts. Regards.

input: im 23 years old 5 6 bout 170lbs after eating beef n broccoli with some rice suddenly after i felt hot. and i can t lay down and sleep cuz i feel hot in my legs at nite it usually isn t ab din da morn but it always acts up at night
output: hi you have flushing reaction .it is common after ingestion of some food and  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi,Actually I found your website by inquiry for school.However, my health question is:  I just started getting this pain right in between my breasts.  It feels like a fist is sitting in there, with a lot of pressure.  I get extremely ill and feel like I may trow up, but I dont.  I think it would help if I did though.  I tried Gaviscon, acid reducer pills, and gravol.  All at once.... None of these things help.  At the same time I will get a fever and then after that the chills.  Do you know what this could be?
output: Hello dearWelcome to Chat Doctor.come have gone through your concern in depth.* This seems more in relation with intestine infection associated with severe gastritis , rather than simple stomach gas. Hope this clears your doubts. Welcome for any further guidance. Regards.

input: Hi Doctor, shall I use flutivate cream for my 1 year baby? She is having rashes in her legs and when we consulted the doctor he told that because of milk only this kind of allergy will come. And also he prescribed flutivate cream.. When I check the internet it shows some side effect and also mentioned not used for children (Fluticasone Propionate). So, I m in confusion. Please clear it.
output: Thanks for posting on Chat Doctor. Cultivate contains a steroid called fluticasone which is intended to reduce an inflammatory allergic manifestation as exhibited by the rashes. Apply it as per your doctors' advice. It is hard to comment without looking at the rashes but might be needed. It can be used in child Chat Doctor. Such allergies may occur not only in response to milk but also practically anything that we are exposed to, things like dust, pollen etc. If your doctor advises milk free diet, you can include formula like Zero lac. But after semisolid have been introduced in the diet, milk can be avoided anyway. Hope that helps. Feel free to revert in case of further queries if any.

input: my brother is 44 years old two days ago he passed out no breath pale and he remained like this for 2 minutes or may be more or less . his echo graph is normal and doctor found a cyst on his kidney .his blood pressure was  160/ 10..can you please let me know why he passed out like this .
output: Hi, I understand your concern and I'll try to help you. The sudden loss of frame of consciousness that you reported is compatible with syncope. There are several causes of syncope is the most common type is the vasovagal syncope, but there are also syncopation of origin for cardiac arrhythmias and neurological diseases. The picture of your brother has several characteristics of vasovagal syncope, but the information you reported is insufficient to confirm the diagnosis. This type of syncope is often triggered by stress such as fear of needles, fear of heights, long periods of standing and in the same position, hot and stuffy places. Usually there is complete loss of consciousness, which can last a few seconds and the patient wakes up slowly, often with nausea and dizziness, and skin pallor and general ma-being. After a few minutes the person is totally normal. This all occurs by stimulation of the autonomic nervous system that causes bradycardia (reduction in frequency of heartbeat and Chat Doctor. To confirm this diagnosis and away from others is necessary look for a good Cardiologist to make a detailed medical history and discard cardiac and neurological causes. So I use some additional tests beyond echocardiography, holder as 24 hours, exercise testing, in some cases the tilt test and if there are signs of neurological causes, request a cranial tomography and evaluation neurologist. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help you. Wish you good health.

input: sir, I am feeling burning/pinching and twisting in my nervous and muscles in left side and in chest area. I have shown to doctors, they did ECG and told that it is not heart problem...and asked me to apply pain gel to reduce it..but the problem persists...please advise..
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms seem to be related to a musculoskeletal pain. Inflammation or an electrolyte imbalance can not be excluded either. For this reason, I would recommend performing further tests: - PCR, sedimentation rate for inflammation- blood electrolytes including calcium to exclude possible imbalance. Meanwhile, I recommend taking ibuprofen. I would also advise you to closely monitor the skin in this region for possible eruptions. Shingles can cause similar symptoms before eruptions.  Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards, 

input: hi i have a 4 month old son who has a welt like bump on his spine, on closer inspection i noticed that it is hairy, i have concerns due to the fact that while i was pregnant with him during an ultrasound the noticed that i had an increased risk of nueral tube defect - in particular spinal bifida was wondering if i should be concerned about this lump  it is about 4cm long and 2cm wide not raised too much??
output: HI. Thanks for your query. Yes, the hairy lump on the spine is a telltale sign of a neural tune defect. In your case suggestive of an underlying spina bifida. Please confirm this by X-rays. Also get confirmed his movements of the lower limb. Consult a Pediatric Surgeon or a Neurosurgeon. And if the nerve supply to the lower limbs is unaffected, you have to observe for any further development as your child grows to adulthood. In later age he may need surgical interventions if there is development of neurological deficit.

input: I have had type II diabetes since 1995 - was controlled great with diet and exercise for number of years. Last 5 years have added Lantus once daily and Bydureon once weekly with metformin. A1C s run 6.5 to 8.00. Checked regularly by doctor with no major problems with exception of neuropathy in my feet. Neurologist placed me on meds but made me feel yuck discontinued. Balance affected more than in past, looking for vitamins or something that may help.
output: You should get vitamin B complex supplements as these are required for nerve sheath formation and prevent from degeneration

input: I am argho 32 male. Recently i came to know that i am azoospermic. My Semen volume is 4.6 ml. Cloudy white color, LSH 16.4, FSH 8.5. Sex is Normal. I have very bad checken pox at the age of 16. No other serious illness. Can u answer me?. Can i be a father?
output: Dear sir, there are two types of azoospermiathe first is obstructive azoospermia in which production of sperms are normal, but there is an obstruction to the pathway. This can be cured by removing the obstruction the second is non-obstructive azoospermia in which sperm production is impaired. In this case the only way for parenthood is to take a testicular biopsy and extract sperms from it and undergo an assisted reproduction cycle by CSI

input: Gallbladder taken out April 2011, appendix 15 years ago. Had vasectomy October 2011.  I have been having issues with stomach discomfort, feels warm, stool is mushy.  Taking align probitic. Some days I have to run to bathroom to move bowels because instant pain.
output: Hello and thanks you for your query. I am Chat Doctor and I will try to help you as much as I can with my answer. There are no significant side effects of vasectomy and especially not such that you describe, and you should find another causes of abdominal discomfort, and you should do colonoscopy and abdominal Ct scan. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: Goodafternoon, I am Santosh Bhagwanani from ahmedabad,now my problem is related to my wife Nidhi Bhagwanani as she had concieved pregnancy on 15/5/08 but by diagnosing for a routine check-up to a gyanecologist she replied that my wife had a bit of operated urgently due to ectopic pregnancy and she had operated on 29/5/10 while operating doctor reported that righ ovary is damagedand the infection of right ovary had drained to left ovary and it 25% damaged,and while in medication she had been given augmentin-1000mg and also pain killers.Now within in 1 year we had visited lot may gaynecs but our efforts got helpless,as by diagnosing to ou sperm and semen report it is positive and wile dignosing her ovulation report it is also normal but she has 2 fibroids on outer cavity of uterus and 1 in inner cavity but it wont affect pregnancy as told by gaynes.now she turns to 29 and i am 30,so please suggest what to do as we are bit worried.Please mail me on santosh_bhagwanani@rediffmail.c
output: Keep a regular record on size of the fibroid. And if fibroid increase or cause any menstrual or pressure symptoms they need to be treated. Practice regular intercourse. Start taking folic acid tablet. If ovulation is normal chances to conceive are likely.

input: Hi, I have a question Im a diebetic Type 2. I have seem to have a hard like a pee on the bottom of my right foot by the pinkie toe. Not on the toe but on the foot close to the edge. Sometime I feel pain when walking in sandles. Could it be the shoes.
output: Respected user, HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This is more likely to be callus formation.* Must consult a general surgeon for the same or at least a high resolution clinical photograph with mobile as an attachment is mandatory to evaluate it more precisely. Hope this clears your query. Welcome for further guidance. Regards.

input: hello. I keep getting a strong metallic taste in my mouth, especially behind one tooth, and the tip of my tongue tingles as it would if I had burned it on coffee, but I havent had anything hot. I have not had a change in diet and I am not taking any new medicines. I quit smoking two weeks ago. Any ides on what this might be?
output: Helllo thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor.usually metallic taste and tingling sensation results from various vitamin deficiencies.like iron, it B12 ETC, so please consult a general physician for a complete blood check up and treatment,,,If YOU are middle-aged, with stress factor-- it might also be because of burning mouth syn Chat Doctor. .so maybe you are having relapse episode???either ways please consult an oral physician and general physician for a check-up and treatment,hope it helps,take care,

input: hi! i would like to know what is the main problem of my husbands semen analysis and what would be the solution. we are trying to conceive for the past 2 years.. here are the results:Volume - 3mlReaction - alkalineViscosity - hyperviscousTotal Count/ejaculation - 55,200,000Liquefaction - >180minSperm Vitality - 35%Motility:     after 30mins (PR+NP) - 30%     after 1 hour                 - 25%     after 2 hours               - 20%     after 3 hours               - 15%Sperm Type of Motility:1. Immotile - 0% 2. Total Motility (PR+NP) - 5%     Progressive motility - 25%     Non progressive motility - 70%Total Abnormal Forms (Krugers Clasification) - 30%     a. Abnormal Head forms - 15%     b. Mid-portion abnormalities - 10%     c. Tail Abnormalities - 5%Spermatogenic cells - 1-2/mlPus cells - 1-2/mlRBC - 3-4/hpf
output: Hi greetings. Mainly 3 important parameters. 1. sperm density is normal .we need only 16million /ml2. Motility. Rapid progressive motility is below normal, but moderate is ok3.morphology of sperms seems to be normal. Another findings are prolonged liquefaction. I suggest your husband to consult an Chat Doctor.  If so treatment can be taken SND motility and liquefaction might improve. Need not worry about single report. There will be variations always. A repeat analysis after 2 months can be done. Hope my answer helps you. Regards

input: I am married and it s been two years we are trying to conceive.. I have taken letrozole for 6 mths and for other two months I hav been induced to ovulate by hormone injections, and I have taken rubella vaccination also. Wat further treatment shud I pursue to conceive fast
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. You will conceive soon. Be stress-free. Along with ovulation induction I suggest you to get your tubal patency done and if that is normal go for GUI.  It is intrauterine ingestion of sperms. Here sperms are washed and processed and placed in uterus. This will increase the chances of conception as problem in ascend of sperm is solved. You can try for 3 to 4 cycles of GUI before proceeding further. Hope I have been helpful. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi i had my wisdom teeth pulled out five years ago. i recently went for a dental check up and the dentist said i have an abnormality on my bottom right side where my wisdom tooth was removed,like a bump he said.so he referred me to a specialist..i have no pain and the bump is not visible when i see inside my mouth..what could this be?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The bump over the wisdom tooth region could be a flabby soft tissue or irrational fibrous secondary to irritation from the opposing tooth. Nothing to worry, if it becomes symptomatic then get it surgically removed. It can also occur secondary to any root pieces left while removing the wisdom tooth. Get a radiograph done to rule out this condition. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: Hi, I just drank half a snapple bottle before realizing it had mold growing in it... I poured the mold into a cup and it looked like phlegm. The tea tasted a little off...sort of sour. Anyway, is there anything I can do now to prevent getting sick. Should I drink water or try to vomit?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for the query. You should do nothing, unless some symptoms such as vomiting, diarrheas or abdominal pain occur., in most cases it won't cause any serious consequences,

input: I have a painful burning sensation inside my right upper arm. It is not a muscle pull or strain, I have had those, it feels like a nerve is being pinched. I also have a very bad sinus infection that I was in the hospital for on Monday. Could these be related?
output: Hello, As a first line management, you can take analgesics like Paracetamol or Diclofenac for pain relief. If symptoms persist better to consult an orthopaedician and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My 6 week old fell off the couch. After a few seconds of crying he started falling back asleep. I started feeling parts of him to see if he d react like he was injured but he didn t. He just went back to sleep. What else can I do to make sure he s ok? Is it ok for him to be sleeping now?
output: Hi, in cases of head trauma there is high chances of brain injury. There are some symptoms which are found When brain injury occurs like persistent crying, seizures, persistent vomiting, bleeding from mouth or nose. If above symptoms are not present, then most of the time child does not have brain injury. However, it is better to get the child examined by a Euro surgeon, and if required a CT scan of head should be done. I hope this will help you. Take care.

input: I am a 41 yr old female, weight 230, 5 5 tall. I have been having a tightness in my chest which gives me a slight cough. I go an hr or so coughing slightly and with the tightness and it goes away and then comes back hrs or days later. My over all health is good. I don t smoke and never have. I don t drink or do drugs and never have. Can it be anxiety or from being over weight?
output: Hello Chest tightness need proper evaluation. It is important to rule out cardiopulmonary reasons. It may be due to psychological reasons also, but other factors should be screened first. You need proper clinical examination and routine investigations. Investigations include routine hologram, random blood sugar, lipid profile, liver function test, renal function test, chest X-ray (PA view)ECG in all leads, TMT,ECHO. Further investigations can be done if needed. It is also important to exclude musculoskeletal causes of pain. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Dr. P.Koregol, I am Dick Lim age 67. Thank you for looking into my query. These result dated Apr 14; bracket was Jun 2013. My Cholesterol- LDL 64 (144). High HDL 156 (68) mg/dl n yet Total Cholesterol 240 (227) mg/dl. T 99 (75) mg/dl, Total Chol/HDL-Chol 1.5 (3.3); Ph 8.0 (7.5). Blood Monocytes 7% (6&); Lymphocytes 880 (882)/cmm. BP- 140/85 (below). Blood sugar fasting- 100 (86) Free T 0.96 (0.99) ng/dl. Bilirubin 1.7 (2.1) v mg/dl Exercise 2 to 4 times a week about an hr. each time. Kindly give whatever advises you can offer will be much appreciated.
output: Hello, All your blood investigation are in normal range except the lipids.  Now for you, we will want total cholesterol under 200 and LDL cholesterol under 130 at least and preferably under 100. The good cholesterol HDL is normal and we shouldn't worry about the same.  Low how would we do it? Atleast 45 mins of aerobic exercise Daily Cut on oils, red meat, egg yellow, fried and preserved food.  May shift to healthy oils like olive, 2 serving of fish /per week.  Supplement like omega 3 fatty acid 1-2 GMS a day, flax seed may work No medication required for any of your reports including lipids. After all lifestyle changes repeat a lipid profile after 3 months.  Regards

input: i am suffering from ocassional breast pain(left 1) and nipple discharge accompanied with heaviness of the sae.i have been prescribed primosa capsules for 3 months. it s been a mon th and their is no change in the condition in fact i feel the dis charge is increasing. all the test,mammo, ultra sound have been done. most important: I am worried? please advice, moreover i am a lyposarcoma survivor ( cancer of the musce in right thigh ) and have been cured and operated on the same 9 years back. I am only concerned that it should not be return of the same.
output: Hi, Konikaji, Welcome to Chat Doctor, You have not mentioned the report of Mammography and ultrasound of breast. I advise to consult GAEC and get your breast thoroughly examined and get Mammography done. As there is h/o liposarcoma, you should be careful of not having any such pathology in the breast. Ok and bye.

input: Hi, may I ans                                                                                                                                doctor am 24 years, i dont have any problem healthwise but i just want to know about the disease called staphyloccocus and the ways it can be contacted, Thank you.
output: HI Thanks for posting your query.  Staphylococcus is not a disease it is the name of bacteria that causes infections(disease).  These bacterium are normally present in the skin and in the nose. So any breach in the skin or any inflammation in the nose these bacteria gains entry inside the body and causes Infection.  The other possibility of contracting staphylococcus infection is by eating rotten food which would have been contaminated with these bacteria. Hope this information was useful to you. Any clarifications feel free to ask.

input: I m 56, female, a tad overweight (otherwise known as fat . lol), and my Dr. has diagnosed a lump between my stomach and the base of my rib cage, right hand side, as being a protuberant muscle. It hurts like crazy! And the pain shifts from side to side, even though the lump stays on the right hand side. Doesn t matter if I lie down and nothing much seems to help in terms of pain killers or even horse liniment. Have you any ideas as to what I can do to relieve the pain, please? Thankyou, Dr. Agarwal. Sorry, didn t realise it costs. Thankyou for your time and trouble. God bless.
output: Hi, Dear,Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your problem in depth and I understood your concerns. Cause and plan of Treatment-In my opinion on the given data, you seem to have Epigastric Ventral Hernia with entrapment obstruction which is causing shifting pain from the adhesions of the chronic lump there. I would advise consulting ER Surgeon, who would treat it by Surgical Repair after study by USG scan.Don't guess more. I would advise ER Surgeon Consultation to avoid further complications with it. Hope this would resolve your issues. Act fast. So keep cool and Consult your ER Surgeon, if need be, who would treat it accordingly. So don't build up wrong concepts and create more psychic complications in you which would increase risks and costs to you, but just ask a query to Chat Doctor and be comfortable to resolve your health issues. Welcome for any more query in this regard to Chat Doctor. Write good reviews and Click thanks if you feel satisfied with my advice. Have a Good Day. Chat Doctor. N.

input: Hi, I m a 14 year old black girl . I used to have acne for 2 years but it has gone now but I have been left with hyperpigmentation on my cheeks, upper arms and upper back. I am currently using Lush products (only cleanser, toner and moisturiser) which have been working well. However, I would like a very effective solution that would hopefully solve my hyperpigmentation please. Thank you.
output: Hello thanks for using Chat Doctor .  I would be pleased to answer your question For the hyperpigmentation, the best option is to get your skin exfoliated by a better method like a glycolic acid peel done every 15 days. A better option for you would be to visit a Dermatologist to avail of these peels. Alternative peel treatments like trichloroacetic acid are also very useful. I would suggest you get your skin examined by the dermatologist.  For a home based treatment, Application of vitamin C based serum can be safe over long run. Thanks and take care.

input: I have been feeling like i need to physically throw up over the last week , my mouth is dry and salty and keeps filling up with a thick slimy spit. i need help urgently please i have tried ginger biscuits and water. what can i do? thanks.
output: Hi. Mouth Chat Doctor.  A course of b complex supplements can help. If the problem persists you may need a few prescription medications.

input: I need to know what to expect in the near future with someone who has stage 4 liver cancer . Chemo and other traditional treatments didnt work and now are about to start some sort of experimental medication. They are in alot of pain and has lost approx 35 libs. said to be moving around a little better since chemo was stopped but now has a blood clot around where chemo was admitted. I am scared it is getting close to the end but not for sure as I dont know much about this horriable disease. Please help me understand. They have not discussed her chances with the family or her yet. Does that mean that the point of survival is mute ? how long could she have left ?
output: There is almost no hope to prolong life beyond a certain period of time.without complications we cans til hope for some changes in the outlook, but if already witChatDoctorplications, then very difficult to say the outcome.discuss the possibilities with the treating doctor who knows the patient the best, so he/she will be th the best person to discuss the outcomes of the disease.

input: I used nair for my bikini area and got some on my genitals as well.I have a stinging and burning sensation especially when i urinate.Uncomfortable feeling all around,sitting,walking.How and when will I have any relief? What can I do to help myself heal and what should i steer clear of (obviously razors and depilatories) till i heal?Thank you.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It can take 2 to 3 days for the symptoms to decrease. You can use site baths to see if it helps. This would involve sitting in a site bath with warm (not hot) water for 10 to 15 minutes, 2 to 3 times daily. Normally table salt or Epsom salt is added to the water. The use of anti-inflammatory painkillers would also help e.g. naproxen, ibuprofen or Catalan hope this helps

input: My tailbone is starting to protrude with a knot on the end and it s very uncomfortable to lay on a flat surface. I m 5 6 at 108lbs now because I ve lost weight ...I am normally around 116lbs. My husband is concerned that I need to see a physician but I don t think it s necessary. Please advise ... Thank you!
output: Hello! Welcome to Ask a Doctor service! I understand your concern and would explain that your symptoms could be related to a cyst in this region. For this reason, I would recommend performing a physical exam and an X-ray of the sacral bone. A CT scan may be needed. Hope to have been helpful! Wishing all the best, 

input: Embarrasing to ask...my rectum burns and itches really bad. For a year now it gets really sore after a movement. I wipe really hard, so I may have caused damage.?? I can wipe until clean and an hour later I burn and itch and wipe again and it s like I never wiped the first time....
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having some local skin infection like dermatitis or yeast infection. Due to lack of personal local hygiene this problem might be there. Clean the part gently without giving more pressure and apply triple action cream. Take Cetirizine or Levi cetirizine for itching. In absence of itching there will be speedy healing. Take plenty of water. Avoid constipation. Clean local part with running tap water thoroughly. Ok and take care.

input: Hi..i m Itishree sarangi 28 years old.i have done my follicular study.but i think..i have some problem.my test started on 02/09/14 with 14th day.the size of follicle in right ovary and left ovary both are small size. Even no development for next test.but the endometrial thickness is increase slowly..22th day it is 9.1mm.plz suggest me...what can i do?
output: Hi, I think you should take some medicines like camphene for the growth of your follicles if they are not growing naturally.  Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when your follicles is more than 17 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles.  Be in contact with your husband for next 2 to 3 days.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 months.  Hope I have answered your question.  If you have any other query I will be happy to help. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, my son is 5 yrs and 6 month old. Every 2-3 days he develops balgam and coughs badly until he vomits and takes it out. Once he spits it out, he does not cough for next 2-3 days. We have observed this pattern for few months now and wanted to seek your expert advice.
output: Hi, thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Kindly get your child examined when he has the cough to rule out any wheezing and also to check his sinuses to rule out any sinusitis as these lead to episodic cough. If he is fine in between cough episodes and his general checkup is normal no need to worry. Hope this has been helpful to you, kindly feel free to contact again for any queries. Kindly rate the answer if so. Take care.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Sir,  Request you to guide me for the following issues with my daughter:1) My daughter is 5 months and 20 days old.2) She had gone through a VSD closure on October 28, 2011.3) She discharged from the hospital with good health and after discharge she gained weight as well.4)Currently sometime she is suffering from bit uneasyness due to cold waether and start crying continuously. She is disgnosed by a doctor and the report was find.5) Doctor has advised for nebolize her for 3 to 4 times a day and levolin .3 mg syrup.   Request you for your expert advice. Thanks & Regards, PremIndia
output: Hello ...after VSD closure gaining weight is good things ...occasionally child Chat Doctor. ...with viral infection commonly ...and doctor correctly prescribed u.... beside weigh gain u also need to follow with echo 6 months to yearly it will help us to know how is result of procedures and benefitting or not ...hope so Youre following like same ...take care

input: i have a good friend with multiple myeloma.  he suddenly has developed a raspy voice.  He has multiple hairline fractures in his spine and ribs and has become quite stooped and seems to have difficulty breathing.  Is the raspy voice related to the condition of his spine
output: Hi, Thanks fir writing in. A raspy voice is due to stimulation of the recurrent laryngeal nerve which supplies the vocal cords. It is possible that your friend has a lowered immune status after taking treatment for multiple myeloma. This might cause him to have infection in the throat which is causing irritation to the recurrent laryngeal nerve. Any infection or condition in the throat might cause the raspy voice. It is suggested that he consults the ENT specialist immediately and has a clinical examination of his throat done. This will show any inflammatory changes in the region and whether it requires treatment. Please tell him to do throat gargle with warm water twice daily to soothe the throat. The raspy voice is not related to his spine but might have an indirect association to his treatment which he is getting right now. Please do not worry.

input: I am 34 and I have been suffering with swollen legs and ankles , to touch the skin feels like i am being stabbed with glass the skin isnt broken and its not a dvt as i have had tests for that i have also had xrays and there is no breaks, they are really itchy and very sore
output: Hi, there are two chances for this1-RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS 2-GOUTY Arthritis way consult one rheumatologist or or tho doctor and do the best thing early thanking youchristyjoseph1@gmail.com

input: Hi DoctorI have a doubt, just today i got prolactin test done for my wife, report says prolactin is @29.17ng/ml, can you please let me know the treatment get it down to normal stage. We are trying for children from past 2 yrs, is this a prob for not conceiving? if prolactin is normal conceiving is possible?
output: Tab Caroline may help to bring prolactin level downInitial dose: 0.25 mg orally twice a week. Dosage may be increased by 0.25 mg twice a week. Maximum dose: 1 mg orally twice a week (according to patient serum prolactin level). Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: im chris im 23 and my girlfriend is emma 22 we are a white couple.I have recently persuaded my girlfriend to agree to meet a few other men so i can watch her have sex with them. These men are all black men and i have asked emma my girlfriend to let them have sex with her unprotected. When this happens emma will take 3 black mans sperms in her, she is currently on the pill at the moment , will the pill still work if 3 black men cum in her??
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor, The contraceptive pills will protect her from being pregnant. But at the same time she is not protected against sexually transmitted diseases. So I recommend you to stop such activities as it may cause illness to her. Use a condom next time during sex. Hope that answers your question.

input: my last LMP is may 6th 2012, yesterday i took Ultra sound pelvis scan & the observation is no seen of any gestasional sac then oru physican sussgest to take tab-Mensovit for getting periods,,,,,,,, i am very scarded to tak the drug mam it is not harful to our body mam
output: Hi, Mennonite plus is an ayurvedic preparation and hence its efficacy in initiating periods cannot be confirmed. Many effective Chat Doctor.  Kindly visit your gynecologist for further management. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: HI, my mother is 56 years old and has been having darkly pigmented patches on both the cheeks for almost 5 years now. is it safe to use candid B cream on the face or any other medication for it? have tried alot of ointments but none have been effective.
output: Hello, i would strongly recommend you not use Candid B cream for the dark pigmentation on your mothers cheek. Candid B cream is an antifungal cream with steroid. This cream is used only in specific dermatological conditions as prescribed a qualified physician. There are a variety of skin disorders causing dark pigmentation. The commonest cause of dark pigmentation on cheeks in an elderly lady is a condition called Plasma. The cause of plasma is complex. There is a genetic predisposition to plasma, with at least one-third of patients reporting other family members to be affected. In most people plasma is a chronic disorder.  Sun exposure, pregnancy, hormonal changes, photo-toxic reaction to Scented or deodorant soaps, toiletries and cosmetics or medications are the commonest triggering factors of Plasma. There are different modalities of treatment for Plasma and I would recommend you to consult a qualified Dermatologist for an expert opinion regarding your mothers skin condition and treatment.

input: Hi iam 34years. We are trying for a baby for the past 1 year... my periods were regular and my doctor said my ovulation is normal. I had been taking folic acid supplements only. I did foliicular study for about 5 months ina row and everything was normal. Recently my last cycle ended up being an anovulatory cycle. I got my regular periods without any delay. My bleeding was also normal. My husbands reports are normal too. All mu harmonal blood tests were normal, the same month i had anovulation. Is thus possible. What is happening to me?
output: Hi I think you can take some medicines like camphene for inducing ovulation.  Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when follicle is more than 17 to 18 mm, take injection for rupture of follicles.  Be in contact with your husband every 2 to 3 days after your periods stop. Take progesterone for next 2 weeks after rupture is confirmed on ultrasound. Do a urine pregnancy test after that. You can try like that for 3 to 6 cycles.

input: I had been experiencing lower back pain for over a week. Initially, I though it to be a muscle strain/pull. I have alternated ice/heat/stretching (after icing the first two days). The pain has now progress to my rip hip and pelvic area and even to higher portions of my back. I am also feeling nausea, lightheaded ness, and numbing/tickling sensations in my lower legs. Please advise.
output: Well...the lower back pain...it can be arisen from different structures at the back from skin to the bones depends on age and other factors. The being pain can be settled by taking painkillers and physiotherapy. In elderly patients this pain could range from osteoarthritis to metasis. But pain in young patient not improving with medications...then it is alarming... But you have alarming symptoms.your pain is radiating to the pelvic area .the lesion looks like to be in the L5,S1 disc... You better do a CT scan of lumbosacral area and consult a neurosurgeon.

input: dear doctor I have marraid past 4year but i dont have any child and my doctor sugest me and my wife as well to take one month evion 400 can you sugest me it is any benifit......
output: thank you for the inquiry.have you undergone any medical checkups. please share me the results

input: Hi Dr. Good afternoon,I am a survivor of Squmousa cell carcinoma of the tongue two years back.  Recently there are two neck lumps visible and MRI scans confirms the enlargements.  Is it a sign of metastates??? What should I do further to confirm it?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. Possibilities of metastases can not be ruled out (in your case) without an FNAC - fine needle aspiration cytology of an enlarged lymph nodes.2. Generally lymph nodal enlargement is seen after local or systemic, infection or inflammatory cause. And ease off after treatment.3. You have done MRI - it would have given you the status of the old treated tongue malignancy. A computer tomography with contrast will help to see the status of previous malignancy.4. Get an ultrasound abdomen done - to see the status of liver and abdominal lymph nodal enlargement.5. Get an FNAC of lymph node for confirmation and treatment to commence. Good luck. Hope it helps you. Wish you a good health. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.

input: I am 64 years of age but still interested mating wife.But if a gap of one week persists for mating, I occasionally  feel early ejaculation. If I can control this moment, I continue for a good long period. Because of this unsure intercourse, I feel of the fear that I may not satisfy my partner .Can you mention the treatment for this type of early ejaculation .I am free from any ailments.Frequently I ride Stationary cycling. Thank you very much,,,
output: Dear sir, thank you for writing in. Welcome to the forum. You can try the squeeze technique, start stop technique or use an anesthetic condom. A number of medications such as Dallas, flu nil or next are also useful. Please remember that while using the squeeze or start stop technique, the key thing is to initiate action when a mild sense of ejaculating occurs but well before you sense a loss of control. It is better to err towards the former. Thanks.

input: My umbilical hernia feels like it is getting worse. I cant see a surgeon until tuesday .my lower back muscles Are very strained and seems to be related. I dont have any classic symptoms like it is strangulating but my abdomen is extremely bloated and the actual buldge of the hernia seems larger than yesterday.
output: Hello, For now, you can do icing for your hernia and hot water fermentation for the lower back to relieve the symptoms. Post this take good bed rest and repeat the procedure for 3-4 times a day. Only if you are diabetic then icing is contraindicated. Post meeting the surgeon please do let me know what are the next calls considered by the surgeon.  In my clinical practice of over 12 years, most umbilical hernia issue is resolved by exercise. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Doctor . My wife is currently 30 and is on phenobarb for treatment of epilepsy. She has been taking the drug for past 27 years recently we have decided to get a baby and hence approached a doctor who suggested us to take keppra to avoid birth defects. We currently stopped phenobarb and are on keppra for the last 1 week. Please advice if we can proceed to get a baby in 6 months by reducing the drug.
output: Hi, as the Chat Doctor.  There is no risk in conceiving. You can try every 2 to 3 days after periods stop. Hope I have answered your question.  If you have any other query I will be happy to help. Regards 

input: Hi Doctor, I have some problem relating to my behavior/ personality or I don t know exactly what you call it. I cant be able to concentrate on my work as lot of destruction keeps on hitting my mind away from the work. I discussed about it with my friend earlier through online chat, she asked to consult a female psychiatrist as my problem is related to females. So please advice me a doctor to look after my problem and it shouldn t be expensive as I don t possess lot of money.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  You have not mentioned your age. Concentration problems do arise to people at every stage, but it is more present with young adults. You are supposed to refer to concentration and attention as two. Attention span for any adult is maximum 30 minutes. Sometimes, a person can be attentive to an interesting thing for more than 30 minutes, such as movies or games. Concentration is attention plus understanding. For this too, span of below 30 minutes. If you are able to make your studies interesting and based on variable principle, your concentration level can be increased. Concentration comes only when you are interested in what you do. So please be passionate towards what you are doing or do only those things which you are interested in. It is also possible to improve your concentration level with the help of yoga, meditation and breathing exercises. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: ASPIRATE IS THICK MUCOID METERIAL AND SMEAR CONSIST OF FIW ROUNDED OF COLUMNAR EPITHELIAL CELLS HAVEABUNDANT CYTOPLASM &UNIFORM NCULEI THERE ARE SOME INFLAMMATORY CELLS MAINLY  POLYMORPHS AND LYMPHOCYTES ALSO SEEN NO ALYPACAL CALL SEEN.      IMPRESSION  FINDINDS ARE SUGGESTIVE  OF THYROGLOSSAL CYST ,
output: Hi, there would be small swelling or lump in the neck usually in the midline. It can also move while you swallow as well as when you Chat Doctor.  These signs will point towards a Hypoglossal cyst, usually found in child

input: Hello Doctor,I am 7 weeks pregnant although when did an u/s scan it came out as 5-6 weeks of pregnancy.(My periods are normal 27-28 days cycle). There was no fetal pole and heartbeat but a gestational , yolk sac is seen. Doctor has advised scan after 10 days and said this will be the max waiting time for a fetal heartbeat. I am advised to take hormonal tablets (Conest). I am very much worried and really hoping the best for my baby. Can you please tell me how much possibility is there for a fetal heartbeat and fetaql pole after 10 days. Thanks in advance.
output: Hallow Dear, Usually by 6 weeks or so the fetal pole and fetal cardiac activity is detectable by ultrasound. If by 7 weeks, it is undetectable, there are following possibilities:1. The ovulation and conception might have occurred late in the menstrual cycle, which otherwise happens 14 days before the next menstrual period.2. There could be mistake in calculating the duration of pregnancy.3. The pregnancy could be without embryo (baby). This is known as blighted ovum. In such case, the ultrasonography image shows corrugated margins of the sac. If the margins of the sac are well-rounded, in order to exclude the first two causes, it is a good option to repeat the scan after a week to 10 days. If still the sac is empty, then the diagnosis of blighted ovum is confirmed. However, if the edges are corrugated, it is blighted ovum. Pregnancies with blighted ovum do not grow. If such pregnancy does not abort spontaneously, termination is the requirement. I hope this helps you. 

input: Theres a creaking/squeaking noise located in my chest/throat every so often when I take a deep breath, my chest hurts. I also have had a stuffy nose for weeks but that has cleared up recently. My ears block up, and my chest hurts. I have no way of taking my temperature as I cannot find my thermometer.
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This is in relation with lower respiratory infection, blockage of bronchi or alveoli through inflammatory response to bacteria or virus. Hope this clears your doubt . Wishing you fine recovery. Welcome for any further assistance. Regards dear take care.

input: Hi, i just received a message from my officemate, the ultrasound result is "Within the enlarged uterusis a single fetus in cephalic presentation at the time of examination. Real time scans reveal absence of fetal movements and cardiac activity" she said she will be operated this afternoon and the baby is gone. 3 days ago she told us she felt the movement of her baby. How come that her baby is gone.
output: Sometimes due to genetic disorders baby loss is there...sometimes due to maternal thyroid levels are high prey loss can occur

input: my son is 10,51 inches, and 79 pounds and had a fever Sunday morning of 103.3 with fever reducer it went down to normal temp. It then came back around 6 in the pm. and took a second treatment of fever reducer and it went down easily.About 10pm i took his temp and it went down to 96.3 I have been keeping an eye on him and he has been sleeping, sweaty and his body cold.I currently took his temp and it is down to 93.8. His temp has never been low before.  I have 2 blakets on him to try and get him warm. He has been on antibiotics since friday for double ear infection and has been complaining about his trout hurting, stomach hurting,a bad cough, he has mouth sores and cant eat. What do I do? what could it be? whe do i worry about hte low temp?
output: Thanks to ChatDoctorI can understand your concern don't worry, fever in most of viral infections have sudden rise and fall below normal once we have taken medicine if there are no chills and rigors don't worry, it won't cause any trouble anyway ear infection will be controlled by antibiotics to prevent secondary infection just undergo some investigations like CBP. TIDAL, FEVER PROFILE CHEST X RAY FEVER NOT SUBSIDE Let him continue antibiotic till reports comes and antipyretic like paracetamol along with above Chat Doctor. Gentle doing mouthwash will help to relieve soreness of mouth . Ok plenty of liquids orally is better than solids low temperature generally up to certain extent nothing will harm the body. Clean the ear with chosen buds if there is discharge , keep it clean he will be normal shortly .ok

input: hi there after being bullied at  work some  5 months agao by two of my colleagues I was told last week that I would I would be being moved out 2 days later I felt dizzy and have been told by my gp that I have vertico could this be work related Regards Alan
output: ! After read your use question carefully I can understand that you have been facing a lot of issues at work lately. As you have mentioned that you developed vertigo after all these problems s at work, it is possible that stress is behind all of them. We see such cases daily, when a person is under lot of stress, which he feels that he is trying to handle, but unconsciously, the mind is troubled and person develops variety of symptoms. I think you should listen to your doctor, as your vitals and basic test if done, are within normal limits. I have seen such patients responding greatly to combination of cinnarazine and dimethyl Chat Doctor.  Day) for some days for vertigo. Plus, try to get a good walk daily, and eat healthy. If vertigo still persist, you may get an X-Ray neck to rule out cervical. If along with vertigo, you have sadness or anxiety, please meet a psychiatrist for complete treatment.  Hope the reply helps you in getting well soon take care, and feel free to ask more questions

input: I was first diagnosed with 1 nodule on half of my thyroid (I had left side removed /tumor in thyroid had to remove to do biopsy in 1989) then it became 2 and now 4. Three are solid and 1 with fluid. Had biopsy done early in April of this year and they were benign. My question and concern is can they eventually become cancer if they are not taken care of?
output: Benign nodules of the thyroid if left untreated can become malignant over a long period of time. Roughly 10% nodules become malignant over 20 years. The features of they're turning malignant are sudden increase in size, pain, appearance of other nodules outside the thyroid, change in voice, difficulty in breathing or swallowing. Any of these changes should prompt you to consider removal of the remaining thyroid.

input: hi. my name is laila, and my husband and i made love about 2 1/2 weeks ago. its been almost 4 weeks since my last period. i have poly cystic ovarian syndrome, but i have taken hormones in the past that has allowed me to have a normal cycle every 3-4 weeks. i am getting a few cramps here and there, but i dont have any symptoms of a pregnancy. i dont know if my cramps are from an upcoming cycle, or if its the beginning of a pregnancy, a little help please ?
output: Dear Leila, You are indeed having a peculiar situation. Usually, PCs (Polycystic ovarian syn Chat Doctor.  However, since you were on the treatment, it is likely that you might have ovulated and have become pregnant. Missing a period, which is the first cardinal symptom of pregnancy also may misguide in your case. In PCs also, there is delay in menses, many a time for few months also. I would recommend you to get the confirmation of your status of pregnancy by Chat Doctor test. At this stage, Beta Chat Doctor test will be quite useful to you. This is a very specific and sensitive test and gives reliable results within 2-3 days of missed period, or even before that. I hope this will solve your dilemma.

input: I have an itchy sore on my back that scabs over very quickly (4-6 hours) and the scab is very thick and feels like wood splinters. I m always tearing it off when I scratch the itch. There is a hard lump way under the skin. I ve had this for over six months now. what might it be?
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for medical and physical examination. Based from your description, it could be a cyst (a sebaceous or a gelatinous type). These lesions can occur anywhere in the body and have the tendency to recur. Medical (proper antibiotic regimen) and surgical (excision of the lesion) management will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: My son who is 8 years old has constant stomach ached from last Christmas onwards. We think its acidity because it is usually when he does not eat for more than 2 hours. But its so often we are a bit worried. it seems like cramps. We give him carmiscide.
output: Hi, There is no problem giving him parricide for abdominal colic. But as he is having this problem since long underlying cause is to be found out, like Hi infection, bacterial or amoebic or worm infestation. Consult your doctor and get examined.Meanwhile, you can continue with parricide as and when required. Ok and take care.

input: I had what I thought was an ingrown hair in my armpit pop up. After a few days it grew the size of a golf ball and continued to get bigger. It was so painful I couldn t move at all but put my arm in bent position curled against me. After going to the doctor she said it was a MRSA infection and opened it up and drained it. (I received the lab results back stating it was MRSA) Now, two weeks later, the bump under my arm is gone but I have something string like enabling me from fulling extending my arm above my head. You can feel the strings from my armpit past my elbow. I went back to the doctor and saw one of my doctors associates and he said I have something called Sporotrichosis and will need to be on an antibiotic for a couple of months. Does this sound right? I ve looked up Sporotrichosis and my arm doesn t look like that but I found AWS (Axillary Web Syndrome) and my arm does kind of look like that but I did NOT just have any breast cancer surgery.
output: Hi.Thanks for your query. Noted the history of enlargement of axillary lymph nodes with strings radiating from elbow to the maxilla like a web, axillary web syn Chat Doctor. With the history you have provided, this looks to be lymphangitis causing the strings under the skin from the elbow to the maxilla which has now enlarged lymph nodes. I would advise you the following in such a case as definite cause may not always be found and hence also called as Idiopathic. Blood smears to be prepared at midnight and examined for elephantiasis that is filariasis. Blood to be tested for CBC and other routine reports like sugar, kidney and liver functions. A course of an antibiotic and Albendazole to be started asap. A 3-week course of Genocide forte that is diethylcarbamazine helps. Give rest to the affected arm. Plenty of oral fluids orally to combat deny

input: How to treat hepatitis B surface ab and what the best way to prevent that? Does hepatitis surface past infection or become worst? How to healing or treat hepatitis surface B core ab? What kind med need to take? Need to see a doctor with treatment or can self treatment? Please explain to me all the reasons and all the information about the hepatitis B surface ab and hepatitis surface B core ab.
output: Hi far. It is obvious that you need information. You cannot treat antibodies. Antibodies are products of our immune system which helps us to fight against viruses and sectarian. You need to treat hepatitis. These antibodies just can tell us is there any reaction on infection in our organism. Soyou have obviously been infected in your life because you have these antibodies. Question is your infection active and symptomatic. To know this you must find antigens levels(Ag) and viral RNA polymerase test. If you have HBS Ag and HBC Ag positive then you have infection which persist and can cause liver damage and should be treated. If not it means that you passed through infection and there is no risk for liver damage. Hope i ve been helpful.

input: Hello Doctor, My name is Mrinal Singh. I am pregnant and my pregnancy is going on 3rd month. I have a little quiry to you, actually I want to know that is it safe to take zincovit tablet in pregnancy or any other side effect to use. I am little bit confuse. Please guide me. I can take this medicine in this period. Thanks
output: Hello, In my opinion, it's not safe to take the Chat Doctor.  It has zinc and potassium, which is not very safe to take in pregnancy withholding in it will be better. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: About 6 months ago I developed fatigue and wheezing. I am 67 with a history of cardiac problems. I was born with Fallot s Tetralogy which was corrected in 1964 in Bristol. It was very successful and I have had nearly 50 years of almost complete health, firstly as a teacher, and then as a vicar. I retired 2 years ago sadly because I had devloped an alcohol problem so I now live in care and haven t drunk since last August. When the wheezing began I automatically assumed it was due to a worsening of the residual faults from my Fallot s correction. I have lived with a small VSD, pulmonary stenosis and some atrial regurge. But having spent a week in hospital having echo tests , e.c.g, x-ray etc. the team failed to find any deterioration that would cause the things I am experiencing. A few weeks ago , however, I became aware of a hard lump under my right nipple. Not really painful but a bit sore. So I wonder if it s possible that I might have Male Breast cancer (however rare) and whether the wheeze, tightness of chest and breathlessness might be due to that. I don t want to bother my GP unnecessarily but on the other hand if it is a carcinogenic lump I would like to seek any treatment that might be available to me. Thank you. Rev. Robert Pitcher.
output: His would advise you to do a PET scan. If any space occupying lesion is found then biopsy has to be done to rule out cancer.

input: Hello Sir/mam, I am K.Mandal (Male 26) from kolkatta have been diagnosed as  OCD with venerophobia of (HIV) and other vernal dieases (PAST).and now having PANICK DISORDER and phobia of going out side alone. (present) by my psychratist. He prescribed me Paxidep cr 37.5 daily morning after breakfast for 5 years.and zapiz 0.5 for sos during panick attack. So I want to know will it be safe for me to take paxidep for such a long duration...as this drug show some side effects like sextual dysfunction of achiving orgasim. and some cramping pain in lower abdomin at afternoon after having lunch.
output: HelloPaxidep is paroxetine and it is a SSRI Chat Doctor.  It is very effective in anxiety disorders like OCD as well as in panic disorder. It is safe to use this 

input: Hello I am writing regarding my 4 1/2 year old grandson who was diagnozed with high blood pressure at 6 months and is on medication.  He gets extremely red patches all over his body when he is upset,or  excited about something. Ears, neck, cheeks, chest legs get red and are warm to the touch.  We  have told his Drs and they are unable to explain it.  Do you some thoughts as to why this occurs.  It dissapears when he calms down. Could it be something life threatning.
output: Hey, A child of this age can have high BP with certain conditions and syn Chat Doctor.  Firstly you have to rule out any condition of aorta like coaptation of aorta in which aorta is stenoses. You have to rule out abnormalities of kidney. So get all these tests done. He may have a serious underlying condition.

input: Hello,I just went to the dentist for a crown and not sure what happen, but when the doctor was putting the anesthesia I felt a sharp pain in my eye, the same side he was working. When he was done I felt my cheek was different, and yes, I have a big lump. Should I be worried it could be an infection? Is there something I can do to relief the swollen?Thanks for you help!
output: Hello and welcome. Thanks for sharing your concern. The lump that you are experiencing now, could be due to locally deposition of local anesthesia. It should diffuse within a few hours or so. Then the lump should go away. It is not an infection. Regarding sharp pain in the eye, it appears unrelated. But if you find persisting symptoms in relation to eye then please revisit your dentist.Also, please mention in which jaw the crown was placed upper or lower?so that I can suggest better in this regard. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: sir,i want to know about hbsag levels i tested first time on 22nd december 2009 and the result was hbsag ............reactive (250)test performed by ecliathen on 29th march 2010 and the result was hbsag...............reactive (5471)then on 26th april 2010 and the result was hbsag........... reactive(569.2)then on 12th may 2010 and the result washbsag .......... reactive (125)then on 30th may 2010hbsag ......... reactive (26.27)then on 10th june 2010hbsag ......... reactive (8.16)and then recently 23th june 2010 and the result was hbsag ........... reactive (4.29)                                           sir, i want to know that am i going to resolve the infection or am i now a chronic hbv patient, and is this normal the slow decline in hbsag levels in the end. with regards                                                    MUHAMMAD IBRAHIM KHAN
output: Hi.thanks for posting query. HepB can not be eradicated completely in patients infected with it. However, complications can be prevented with proper care and treatment. Treatment is advised if AST and ALT are > URN and HBV DNA count on PCR is very high. Liver enzymes and Bag status and HBV DNA PCR maybe done regularly every 6 to 12 months, Visit hepatologist for proper interpretation of results. Hope to answer concern regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi my name is Mary my doctor had me on Descartes for about 5 years for hydrogenated disc in my neck and back. I noticed this started up when I started taking them but they kept not finding anything by the time I could get an app. They took them off the market because of them doing something to your heart. I have a heart monitor on now they found atreal run and atreal couplet. What is it and is it dangerous and what is the cure for it
output: Hello Mary, I have gone through your details. Basically atrial runs and couplets are benign unless associated with structural heart disease.Therefore, I suggest you to get your Doppler echocardiography done. That will rule out any serious defect in heart. I request you to avoid smoking and excess coffee. My best wishes. Chat Doctor. 

input: When I work out it starts to feel like im getting needles pushed into the back of my brain. its sharpe and quick continuous pain. My chest ( not as often as my head) starts to feel like someones sitting on it. I can still breathe okay through all of this. the more often I work out the long the needles in my brain lasts and the worse it gets. I have just recently started working out 4-5 times a week.
output: Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you have described signs of Ischemia When you exercise, too much blood is shunted out to the muscles so that the other parts gets less blood supply and hence you get the symptoms you have mentioned The solution would be to reduce the Weights / Counts of your exercise for few days and then gradually increase them This is easily manageable :) Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.

input: I was also told that I have a smaller-than-normal gal bladder for my age, weight and height, after I had fasted and had an abdominal sonogram. The reason for getting it was due to severe pain in my abdomin, and various other issues. Do you know what caused this smaller-than-normal gal bladder?
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor Small gall bladder can be from fibrosis secondary to chronic inflammation of gall bladder... Gall stone also can lead chronic inflammation and so small gall bladder Investigate with USG scan and let me know you your USG report for giving more comment If needed HIDE scan can be done for that Take care Hope your concern solved

input: I have a sizable hard lump by my right collarbone close to the inside base of my neck. I ve been getting headaches frequently and have difficulty and pain in my neck and shoulder when I sleep on my right side or tilt my head to the right. My neck also feels stiff and it feel like something is pressing against the inside of my throat near the lump. What could this be?
output: Welcome. I have gone through your query. It is difficult to comment on it without examination, so I would either suggest you to see doctor for examination and for exact diagnosis or upload the pictures here, I'll go through them, and provide you with specific advice. Lump might be folliculitis but need to examined to confirm. Hope this helps. Take care

input: Hi... I am 26 years old, 80Kg in weight, 6 feet tall. I do jogging thrice in a week. In last one year, many Lipoma formed in my body especially in hand and stomach area. Few of them are close to chest rib bones which creates pain sometimes during my run and sleep. Is there any medication to get rid of these Lipoma or surgery is the only way? If so what kind of surgey I should undergo? Please advise. Thanks.
output: Hello have read your query. No need to worry about lipoma. If this give pain then only remove. Yes surgery is the only treatment. Laser may sometimes help.don't operate till very painful. I hope I have answered your questions. If you have further questions please feel free to contact us. I will be happy to answer. Take care.

input: Good evening. I have recently had a challenge test to sulfa and was extremely allergic to it after 4 hours. I have not had my follow up appt with my allergist yet but scheduled in two weeks. If I am allergic to sulfa, does that mean I must be careful with products containing sulfite, sulfate and sulfur? I know that I did use bactrim (which has the sulfa) before having the challenge test and that reaction is what prompted the challenge. How about Desonide cream which contains aluminum sulfate? Thank you in advance for responding to my question. Barbara
output: The  ChatDoctor. 

input: I have a raised region on left side just below ribs. I went to the doctor he felt my abdominal region said there was nothing to worry about. However I still have this lump or swollen area. It s not painful but sometimes uncomfortable I have to lift my left shoulder up. I m thinking it could be my posture but this wouldn t cause swelling. It s slightly noticeable what could it be??
output: Hi, as mentioned by you, about the swollen or lump area, and also examined by doctor where he said It's nothing to worry.of course I agree to you that how come something comes up like this and is painful. And also how come the swelling is persisting. What I would suggest is to undergo an x-ray and check as it may reveal something with it. Maybe a fluid accumulation. Also, later on an MRI will guide to see what soft tissues are involved in that area leading to swelling. Until we get a picture of the soft tissue abnormality it will be really tough for anyone to examine and comment. As diagnostic holds the strong ground for assistance. I wish you get an MRI done, so we can come to know what sort of soft tissue is involved a muscular or a lung tissue. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recoveryregardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Last year I was operated for cholecystectomy the year after I again had that severe abdomen pain and was hospitalised for 15 days in ICU , diagnoised with CBD sludge thereafter on udiliv.  After 3 month I again had blood test and amylase was quoted 407.3 after 3 days again the same test was taken and amylase reading was 242.9 and lipase 37 .  Doctor has advised for ERCP.  My question is if the sludge is still there does not udiliv help in flushing it out, if not for what purpose has it been recommended to me.  Whether ERCP is the only cure?
output: Hi ! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Udiliv is a Chat Doctor.  However, this is not a 100% cure for it. Even though the pancreatic enzymes have come out to be within the normal range or of decreasing level, there possibly is a suspicion of pancreatitis by your treating physician, and also to know the complete anatomy of biliary tree along with the pancreatic duct, an ERCP is advised. This would be a near confirmatory investigation to rule out the biliary tree and the pancreatic system as the cause of your abdominal pain. ERCP could also be of therapeutic nature if the sludge/calculi in any of the biliary tree is endoscopic-ally removed. Till then, you could go for some anti-spasmodic and a proton pump inhibitor 

input: I had gone through Radiotherapy after surgery of tongue for squamous cell carcinoma about 20 months ago, Now I my TSH level has gone up and it is  7.69, I have been advised Eltroxin 50 . OD. Another doctor has advised Thyronorm 50 OD.. Could you guide me which is a better medicine. YYYY@YYYY
output: You have hypothyroidism secondary to radiation therapy to neck. It requires replacement of thyroid hormones. Both Elton and Thermoform contain levothyroxine. Elton is more expensive than thermoform. If you do not have affordability issues I would suggest Elton as I have found it to be very effective in my patients and is well known to be a quality brand.

input: hello sir,i m 27 years old single male.i used to masturbate very frequently n the frequency was nearly 4 to 5 days in a week.now i feel the erection is not that much hard as it was before n even suffering PME. i  even afraid regarding less sperm count n cum (sperm) is also not thick.please suggest me as what step should i take.Plz help.Regards...
output: Dear, We understand your concerns went through your details. Let me assure you, masturbation is not unhealthy. Masturbation is normal and natural. Frequency of 4 or 5 times a week masturbation is pretty normal and not in excess. Therefore, masturbation is not the reason for your present problem. I think you are obsessing with your sexual ability and sexual organ. Unless you are actually in sexual intercourse, you cannot judge your hardness. Secondly, when you try to test your hardness, the hardness comes down, because at that moment, you are diverting from sexual thoughts. The reason for your present problem is simply psycho-logic and never organic. I suggest you to consult a psychologist for sexual counseling. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute detail possible. Hope this answers your query.  Further clarifications are welcome. Good luck. Happy New Year. Take care.

input: Dear Doctor, Last few days (4/5 days) I feel head dizzy, I could not think anything properly, Basically I feel, my back side of head has been zam. My blood pressure is normal. Age 34 yrs, Male and I was passing a serious brain stress in 20 days due to illness and death of my mother. Please suggest me, what can i do.
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. These could be a manifestation of depression. You will need some benzodiazepine and SSRI medications like Escitalopram or mirtazapine to help with your problems. Some psychotherapy will also help. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: My wife age 38 is HBV positive with acute measure and Dr. has told that she is not in carrier stage and does not need any treatment. The quantitive test result somewhere 625. Can this HBV get removed completel, does this quantity increases in future, what could be the effect on liver functioning in future. Please explain.
output: Thank you for posting query. Carrier state means that your wife is infected with Herb (Bag positive) but the replicating antigen of virus maybe negative and the viral load may NOT be high enough requiring treatment. Virus is in "dormant" phase. It is possible that the virus remains in dormant phase throughout and causes no harm to liver. Only one fourth of patients infected with Herb virus develop liver cirrhosis. Therefore, one cannot be sure about her status. The viral load should be monitored, and she needs to repeat test every 6 month or at least once a year. You should also inform your treating doctor if you want to plan a baby. There is NO permanent treatment for Herb virus. However, all relatives of your wife including you need to be vaccinated against Herb (if not done yet).wish her good health. Further queries are welcomed. Health professionals aim to diagnose properly and manage patients according to their limited knowledge. Cure is blessed by the ONE who Created us, whose power and knowledge is unlimited .wish you good health. Regards, Chat Doctor. 

input: I m a teenager who has entomophobia and I ve had it ever since I was a kid. I don t exactly know the reason as to why I m so terrified of insects. People around me tend to get annoyed by me sometimes because whenever I see a cockroach or any insect nearby, I get so scared that sometimes I cry when I can t contain it anymore. They tell me to get over it and they say I m just overreacting but no, they don t know how I feel. I feel so frightened around them. I don t want to undergo any therapies, though. What should I do about it?
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor Entomophobia is a specific phobia and in treatment, there are two options. Once you can take antidepressant like paroxetine after psychiatrist consultation and second exposure therapy with help of psychologist. With both, you would get better and earlier effect. Rest, it's your choice. Thanks

input: I have been having a constant pain in my left upper abdomen area under my ribs and its a dull achey pain but when I am under stress or get upset and or eat spicy foods it makes my pain go from a dull achey constant pain to a sharp stabbing pain and gets so severe It hurts to move. What can it be?
output: HI. The pain in the left upper qua Chat Doctor.  You need to undergo the following tests. CT scan of the whole abdomen. Upper GI Endoscopy. Relevant blood, urine and stool tests. Colonoscopy if required. The treatment t is :To stop the hot and spicy food, aerated 

input: my name is khalid my age is 38 and hight is 5-6 my wt is 80 kg.i masterbate for 20 years untill my marriage 6 years back.but after marriage  i felt erectile dysfunction. i was unable to satisfy my wife though have a child.my penis sie also remined smwhat small and have  a little bend.veins of my penis also now apparent when ever in minopr erection. i have strong feelings of sex but when ever tried to penetrate my penis feels the hotness of vagina andprematurely ejaculates within seconds.i am toomuch worried for this please guide me.
output: Hi.welcome to Chat Doctor.I understand your problem.my opinion is that,1.don't masturbate more than twice in a week.2.avoid stress.3.sleep for about 8 hours in a day.4.take nutritious foods.5.Lincoln gel application on the penis before sex may give good results without any side effects. Thank you. Hope my answer will help you.

input: hi ... hubby and me are trying for baby . Whenever we have sex, I find that after he ejaculate and pull out, most of the sperm flows out from my vagina and even after i woke up in the morning the sperm still flows out .. 1 more question , his sperm is quite diluted and slightly transparent. is it normal ?
output: Hi, the flow of semen is normal from the vaginal after the intercourse. If you have any suspicion regarding the semen, get a semen analysis done for your husband.  It will clear all the doubts. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a woman in my 30s that just got off of birth control about a month ago. I have taken 2 pregnancy tests and they botChatDoctore back negative. For the last week I have been afflicted with constant urination, pelvic/lower abdominal pain, bloating/swelling, and nausea. What could be causing this is I am not pregnant?
output: Hi ! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. From history, it seems like you have got a UTI (urinary tract infection), if pregnancy could be excluded with certainty by the way of serum Chat Doctor estimation and an ultrasound abdomen if need be. I would advise you to go for a routine/microscopic and a culture sensitivity of the urine, and show it to your family physician for further management with appropriate antibiotics after a physical examination of your abdomen. Till then, you could go for an anti-emetic, and a proton pump inhibitor Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Dr. Agarwal, is wrong, I have an MRI that says that I have a S1-S2 intervertebral disc space. My Question is how much does this affect my lower back pain? I have very bad pain (level 8+) almost continually, and difficulty with other functions. I Know that I, have some pretty serious disc damage from L-5 through T-12. But here lately it s gotten much worse.
output: Disc degeneration may lead to back pain however there are too many pain generators in spine, so we need to know more about your complaints and the MRI images to tell you exactly what is the possible reason for back pain. Although you have disc space at S1-S2 but it's not necessary that it is the pain generator. Usually there is no motion at this level, so it may not cause any back pain. Few other reasons could be last mobile lumbar level disc prolapse or sacroiliac joint inflammation. I would suggest getting back WTH more detailed history and your MRI images. Thanks.

input: hi my daughter is 5 year old.She is vommiting in the morning after breakfast.After that she will be ok. she will have her breakfast very little amount and not interested to eat in the morning.she is 13.500kg wt only.we consulted a doctor and he gave Emeset and junior Lanzol.sir pls advice
output: Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Your doctor gave the right prescription. But your children weight is less, as 5-year-old child is expected to weigh 18 kg. Better consult pediatrician and thoroughly investigate for the cause. It may be malnutrition, urinary tract infection or even primary tuberculosis. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics

input: I m 76 years old and about 5 days ago I started feeling a really sharp pain on the right upper part of my knee. I ve been limping because walking is extremely painful and if I sit for too long I have to stand and wait a while before I can walk....what might this pain be or mean and what should I do?
output: Hello, As you are 76 and having pain in the upper part of the knee, have you ever taken an x-ray. Because there should be some degenerative changes of the knee joint and the ligament injuries.  Having an MRI or X-ray will be of God choice to understand the pathology.  As this pain makes you slow down and locks you up while taking instant movement I will advise you to use the knee brace and do hot water fermentation.  Because the muscle spasms need to be corrected, and also the weaker muscles needs support, so the inflammation over the knee joint internal structures do not go high.  Also doing some simple exercises like - static Qua Chat Doctor.  Additional exercises like straight leg raise on supine lying and side lying will be of benefits. In my clinical practice of over 12 years, most geriatric cases reported with similar pain are advised for exercise in low intensity. They respond well. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In

input: I lost my significant other 3 years ago and can t seem to get through grieving. We were having quiet time together and then he went to sleep on the sofa and I went to bed. The next morning I found him dead. I keep reliving this over and over again. I feel I might have missed something or he tried to get to me but was unable to. I cant get this picture out of my head and I can t see me loving someone else. I dont know how to move on. I feel my life has been turned upside down since then. I have family I am around yet I feel so alone. I feel like I don t belong anywhere. I am not suicidal; I cannot do that to my 3 children and grandchildren. Yet life is hard for me. I am also unemployed and having a hard time finding a job. I am experiencing things I have never dealt with and am having a hard time. What can I do? I am already taking antidepressants, which are not working. I have talked to my physician and she is trying to get it changed. But due to this new Obamacare, my old medication is not on the list and the new one is not working.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I sincerely suggest that you are doing great. You went through a traumatic and depressive ordeal. For sure. No amount of consolation can equal your fate.  But you also should understand that such things happen with almost everyone. Everyone loves their better half or spouse. When such things happen, even when they were at young age, it is normal for them to go through some depression. But they shall understand that they have to move on. They have duty to do. Secondly, you were doing the same for the last three years. That is great. If you have any mental disorders, you cannot do so. You must add to your self-confidence. What you can do now is, understand what life is. Even you are a guest here. Your spouse went because his time had come. When your time comes, you shall also join him. That is life. Depression is normal, but we should overcome our emotions. Everybody, every human being does. Then why not you? If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi,I am 24 years old.i had my last period on the 2nd of july and it lasted about 4 days. I had unprotected intercourse on the 12th of july and I used postinor 2 1 hour after.i dont keep track of my menstrual cycle but I am scared of getting pregnant. I dont have any symptomsjust being having cramps.pls help me.
output: Hello, please do keep record of your menstrual cycle to predict the day of ovulation and decide the safe and unsafe period for yourself. If you had regular cycles then ovulation takes place 14 days prior to the start if next menstruation. 4 days before and 4 days after ovulation is the unsafe period in which couples should avoid having intercourse. If you have a regular cycle of 30 days then you had sex in safe period plus you took posting 2 within 24 hours which means very less chance of getting pregnant. Posting has its side effects as well, so these cramps might be due to the medicine.

input: I have just returned from Venice and have multiple bites. they started on the last day, but now im home, i am continuining to be bitten. The lumps are small pin prick bites and when scratched, the area around it goes white and hard. please help. have i brought something home with me?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  You need examination. What kind of bite marks are there. It may be some skin disorder or may be some self-inflicted mark in psychiatric disorder. So consult your doctor and go for examination.  Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Excessive tiredness, sleep needed about every 2 to 3 hours. When I lay down I fall sound asleep for about 1 hour. Always tired, heavy eyelid feeling. This behavior has started within the past 3 to 4 months. I am 85 years old. I have a heart condition and arthritis and take several medications that can cause tiredness and dizziness but I have been on these medications for a very long time. Had a cardiac oablation done in September of 2013; could this have been the start of this tiredness & dizziness? Thank you.
output: Hi, Your complaints may be caused by some abnormalities such as low Hemoglobin or electrolyte disturbances, also abnormal glucose values may cause sucChatDoctorplaints. I would advise you to have done complete blood count, serum electrolytes and glucose. Also monitor your blood pressure and pulse for a week. Take fearsome back if you have any further questions

input: this question is regarding urinary tract health.during the past few weeks I have felt a non ending urge to urinate that has not and will not go away.  I have been drinking a fair amount of water and cranberry juice to help clear out any infections that may be present.  is there any other suggestions that could help with my problem that would not require a professional?
output: Continue to consume juice and water for a few days and if continue to have the same concerns you need to make an echo of kidney (or abdominal echo in general) and urinary compete analysis I judge that you should start a treatment after the response of analysis

input: What causes shingles (other than the compromised immune system)...poor nutrition, stress, lack of sleep? My 76 year old man friend just broke out and he will see a doctor tomorrow, but I would like to know the why and how we treat it. Am I liable to become infected if we are intimate? What is the incubation period? What is the standard treatment, please? Is the condition likely to return again? Thank you. Gina email: YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. Shingles generally happens due to a virus that sleeps in the neurological system on a person that has had chicken pox before. This is very common especially in cases you mention, but elderly age is a reason also. It is generally self limiting but very uncomfortable meanwhile. There is oral acyclovir he might use to speed up healing, it should be started as soon as possible and there are Chat Doctor.  Local cold compresses can help with pain also. As for you, you are not in risk if you are not in contact with the fluids that come from the vesicles. Very little chance it will spread to you by contact, it generally comes from the inside of the patient (the sleeping virus) but to be safe please try to avoid contact with the area that has the vesicles. I hope this is helpful and answers to your question, but please feel free to write us in case more clarification is needed on this. Kind regards, Antoneta Total, MD

input: I was doing some sweeping of my house yesterday. Ever since the I have been extremely dizzy. I have had at least 9 concussions and have neck issues. I also have 2 buldging discs and have had a compression fracture of my spine. I have done some research and think it could be Cervical Vertigo.
output: Hi, From history it seems that this problem might be due to pinched nerve pressure due to problem in your cervical spines. While giving uneven pressure on neck like sweeping or nodding movement at neck might give pressure causing nerve irritation producing pain or vertigo. Go for neck exercises, cervical traction, short way diathermy etc. Avoid putting pillow under the neck while sleeping. Ok and take care.

input: I have a bad smell coming from my nostrils it the smell you get usually when your sick and you have a congested nose or something, but I have the smell all the time and wont go away no matter what the doctors at my clinic tell me to do. My nose gets really stuffy at night only in one side. But I also have bad breath I can brush my teeth and an hour later it wont smell fresh anymore. And sometimes I have postnatal drip.
output: Hello and welcome. Please let me know when did you last visit your ENT specialist?There could be a sinus infection. Why do not you meet ENT specialist and get an x-ray done for sinus. Once you get the reports, start with decongestants. It does not appear to be dental infection as per the history posted here.Meanwhile, you can do warm saline rinses and do steam inhalation for immediate relief. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: I do masturbation in prone way by lying down against pillow of floor. I never had any problem with this method. However, I have read that doing masturbation  in this method puts pressure on penis and people who do that will not have good pleasure during normal sex. Is it true?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry. The position you are taking is safe and normal. People invent numerous methods and most common are hand masturbation and your style. This method is adopted by millions across the globe and none of them had this problem. You can enjoy sexual life for sure. There is one advantage with hand masturbation. After some time, the penis slightly bends towards right or left. This bend penis shaft gives more pleasure during sexual intercourse than straight penis. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I got a skin rsh, red spots and itchy from going in a pool and hot tub for physical therapy.  Have stopped going to the pool but the rash keeps returning after seemingly going away.  Dr has given me a cream and I am using lotion..  Cant be laundry detergen as wife uses Purex hypoallergenic.
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorYou have to first keep your self away from the causative factor, and you better take the oral anti-allergic medicine and the good choice is "Tab Levocetrizine 10 mg three times in day" for some days, hope this information may help you, have nice day.

input: My son is 21 and healthy. He came to me last night feeling dizzy and nearly passed out. When he felt a bit better, I took his BP. It was 116/53. THat seems low.Could that have triggered the dizziness? He seemed to be fine after he ate CHerrios with bananas and sugar.
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, the dizziness may not be significant because no associated history is there even the blood pressure may not be the cause, the most common cause at this age is hypoglycemia, if this is being happened first time still condition needs to be kept under observation for further episode because it could be let onset of epileptic seizure. Advise:- Ct brain is must, with routine blood work, EKG. Hope this information helps.

input: Hi, I am a 54 year young lady and in 2002 I was diagnosed with invasive squamous cell carcinoma in my righr sinus cavity. After my face was layed open and tumor removed then went through 29 radiation treatments, and all has been great until a few weeks ago I have started having simular symptons and I waterpick sinus cavity now at least 3-4 times a week. Any suggestions? Thanks,Robbin
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Squamous cell cancer of the sinus cavity might become recurrent in some people. It is important that you follow up with your doctor and then get evaluated for possible recurrence. Medical literature says that squamous cell cancers have definite metastatic potential, and patients should be followed regularly after initial treatment. Overall, local recurrence rates after treatment of primary cancer ranged from about 3% to 23%, depending upon anatomic site. About 58% of local recurrences manifest within 1 year, 83% within 3 years, and 95% within 5 years. Please consult your doctor at the earliest and take treatment should there be any recurrence. Please do not worry.

input: I am Titir Mukherjee, 35 yrs married woman.have started trying to be a mother. meet Doctor. he asked me for USG. The report of USG shows :1. mild heterogeneous  cervix2. Right Overy Bulky3. a cyst without any internal echo is seen closed to itwhat should my next steps for medical test?Is there any risk for being pregnant?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. The mildly bulky right ovary without any polycystic appearance of the ovary may be a normal finding. You can conceive with the help of ovulation induction therapy. Do get it prescribed from your gynecologist. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. You can consult me again directly through my profile URL http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: i quit smoking a little over a month ago.  for a month now i have had the strong, uncontrollable cough with phlegm and i am always out of breath which makes me lightheaded.  i also have had some fevers here and there.  also my nose is stopped up a lot.  every time i blow my nost the back of my head and neck hurts so bad.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you were a smoker, we should rule out lung infection and bronchitis in your case. Both these diseases are common in smokers and cause similar symptoms like cough, expectoration, fever and breathlessness. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system. 2. Chest x-ray 3. PUT (pulmonary function test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection. PFT is must for the diagnosis of bronchitis. You will mostly improve with antibiotics, inhaled bronchodilator, inhaled corticosteroids and other supportive Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. First diagnose and then start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hello, I have been having problems with my feet and ankles retaining water, for at least two months now. Went to the doctors, he gave me water pills but they aren t helping. My mother has a thighroid problem and I was told it could be passed on from mother to daughter and so on. I have been putting on weight all of a sudden, and usually I can control the weight but now I cant. Could all of this be caused by a thighroid problem?
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of you. As you have thyroid problem I think it should be hyperthyroidism, since due to This there are chances of adding on weight and also the legs feeling fluid retention. The first foremost thing required is to check the thyroid levels in your body. Undergoing a TSH test should help understand the levels. Post which the medication has to be used to control the levels of thyroid in blood. Also, along with medication you need to perform regular physical exercises as the combination of Chat Doctor. There will be a slowness in the physical activity of your muscles due to thyroid issue leading to early fatigue and reduced metabolism. Having a combination of 

input: I have been to the doctor several times for recurring pain in my chest. Its right in the middle sternum and it feels tender to the touch and comes and goes for months now. It hurts when I move like standing up from sitting down. What else do I say to get some kind of response ?
output: Hello, Regarding your concern, I would explain that your symptoms are not typical of any cardiac disorders. A musculoskeletal pain (including Costco Chat Doctor.  Coming to this point, I would recommend taking ibuprofen for the pain. If the chest pain persists, I would recommend performing some tests: - a resting ECG and a cardiac ultrasound- a chest X-ray study-complete blood count, PCR, ESR for inflammation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: After training for a half marathon last year, I discovered what feels like a small lump behind my shin. I feels very bruised when I push into it and can give me a bit of discomfort. I massage it frequently and feel like it is gradually getting smaller. Should I continue doing this or get it checked out?
output: Hi. Stop massaging. Consult a Doctor to know the reason - whether due to small rupture of small blood vessels or what? You can keep the lower limbs in elevated position, higher than the heart level in the lying down position. Use crpe bandage or stocking during marathons

input: what should i do about severe body /arm and leg tremors. Im scared to take any medications that i was prescribed for sleep/depression/anxiety because of this severe tremoring . I have been basically totally inactive for weeks and lost about 4 kilos and i think this may have caused the tremors because my heart feels extremely weak. I dont want to cause a further problem by taking a medication for 2 weeks. Should i get my heart and cardiovascular system checked before taking and medications. It feels like i am almost going to have a heart attack when i lay down and my whole chest tremors.I even fear i may have already had a small heart attack or something. im 37 and my appearance looks normal/a bit thin. What specific tests should i get done?
output: The tremors in arms/legs and chest tremors (palpitations) are likely to be due to anxiety. You should give a trial to the medicine prescribed by your doctor. At this stage, in my opinion, the symptoms are likely to be due to an anxiety disorder. When you follow up with your doctor, you may ask questions you may have about specific medicines. You may consult a psychiatrist if your doctor is a general practitioner. A psychiatrist is a medical doctor specializing in psychological and behavioral disorders (including neurological disorders with psychological symptoms). A psychiatrist is in the best position to judge what tests to order in the beginning and whether to seek additional consultation of a cardiologist or any other specialist. I hope this answers your question.

input: HAVE BEEN EXPIERENCING WHAT THEY CALL BRAIN ZAPS FOR ABOUT A WEEK NOW. ON 40MG OF SELEXA AND 150MG WELBUTRIN BUT STARTED WITH THE ZAPS SO WENT DOWN TO 20MG SELEXA AND KEPT SAME DOSAGE OF WELBUTRIN. GOT A COLD AND HAVENT TAKEN EITHER FOR TWO DAYS NOW AND AM GETTING ANXIETY BUT ZAPS HAVE MINIMIZED. SHOUL I PROCEED THIS WAY AND BREATHE THROUGH ANXIETY?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  It is confirmed the brain zaps are due to the Selena, you have stopped it now. Welbutrin alone may be sufficient, if your doctor feels it is not sufficient, he can prescribe some other medicine from the thousands of other Chat Doctor.  Take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods to have good health resistance against the infections.  Practice yoga, meditation, reading books, and hearing music as diversion procedures.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.

input: I was suffering from impetigo due to a bacterial infection on my face and it spread to many areas of my face which caused the skin to peel off and become raw. After taking oral antibiotics and applying triamcinolone acetonide 0.025% ointment on my face, the skin healed. However, they healed brown. Why did it heal brown and how can I make them fade away quickly?
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor, Impetigo is a skin infection caused by the bacteria Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus Diogenes, and it causes fluid-filled spots or blisters. Usually it will be a small fluid-filled spots that are about 1 to 2 cm in diameter and rarely be able to see these because they will quickly burst and then crust over and turn yellow and honey colored. The spots will eventually Chat Doctor. You will normally need antibiotics either as a cream or orally to treat the infection and to prevent you infecting others. Antibiotic cream called juridic acid are effective in clearing up most impetigo infections within seven days, and you will need to use it two to three times a day. If the infection doesn't clear and widespread you may require oral antibiotics like flucloxacillin and azithromycin. Thank you.

input: About a year ago I broke the toe on my left foot. I chipped a piece of the bone off. You can see it on the xray. Over the last couple of months I have been getting pain in this toe. The pain feel like a hot flush and lasts between five to ten seconds.
output: Hello, Due to somatosensory disturbances, there will be disturbed sensation like hot flushes. Doing icing will be good and simple foot muscle strengthening exercises will help reduce the symptoms. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: My dad is 70yrs old and was diagnosed with ca of prostate in 2007. Surgery was done to remove the testicals in order to reduce the production of testosterone. From bone biopsy we found that it has spread to bones and chemo was done for 2 cycles out of 3. the last one could not be completed because of severe side effectsHis hb keeps reducing every 3-4 months and he requires transfusion. Is there a way to avoid this and increase the hb naturally? He eats a very healthy diet rick in iron but effect of Hb is slow
output: We Use in our patients Erythropoietin 10000 units every 2 weeks. You can consult your doctor who can guide you the form and route of administration. Truly,

input: My 4 and half year son got the USG report of whole abdomen, it is mentioned that Liver is slightly enlarged in size homogenous parenchymal echotexture. No sizable focal lesion seen. Infra hepatic biliary radicles are not dilated. Portal hapatis measures 7 mm. kindly suggest for this. Kindly not that he doesn t want to have any meal at any time. We have to forcefully feed him and it takes more than one hour to feed him every time. Moreover sometimes he vomit too. kindly suggest.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. You should do liver enzymes findings. The most common liver disorders which is found by ultrasound is fatty liver which can be found in healthy people, but usually is resulting from elevated blood lipids, overweight and elevated blood sugar. If ultrasounds didn't find anything and viral markers are negative then you have no reason to be concerned. You should treat it by changing dietary and lifestyle habits. Do exercise, avoid alcohol, smoking, fats, fast food and carbonated Chat Doctor.  Eat more fruit and vegetables, boiled meat and follow some of hepatoprotective diets. Findings usually improves on such measures. If not, then some medicines can be prescribed, but I suggest going step by step. Wish you good health.

input: Every time I cough I feel excruciating pain in the middle of my chest. It feels like something is going to explode in my chest. I also have the chills then the sweats. I do have asthma but it does not bother me. I am taking 2 I hailers ( Advair and salbutamol ) iv also been taking clonazepam to help me sleep. I have no appetite and am feeling very weak. When I cough I cry from the pain. Nothing comes up when I cough. It s just a dry cough. Please help me
output: Hi Kellstarr, Thanks for writing your query. Afterreadingyour post, it seems that the pain you are experiencing can be due to muscular in origin due to excessive coughing. The inhalers you have mentioned will help in bronchodilatation and help you in asthma. For Chat Doctor.  I would suggest that you should have following investigations done :-1. Complete Blood Count(CBC).2. Absolute Eosinophil Count.3. Chest X-Ray (PA view).4. ECG. Steam inhalation can also help in relieving your symptoms. You should eat fresh fruits and vegetables for increasing the immunity and regaining health. If the problem persists, get yourself examined clinically. I hope this is helpful to you. Thanks.

input: Hi, I have a 6 year old in perfect health. I noticed about 4 days ago that her lower lip was blue. I figured it was from sprinkles in a donut. It is still very much there 4 days later. She just had a bath and although the water was very warm, it was a very dark blue. What could be going on???
output: Hello, As the lip looking blue even with warm water, it may be due to some vascular malformation. Please consult a local doctor, as he will examine the child and diagnose it. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am a 30 year old female with sharp pain in my chest. Its sharp and difficult to breathe.  I went to the doctor Monday due to lower back pain, nausea, and upper stomach pain and sensitivity to touch. He gave me cipro, my chest hurts and I am still nauseous. Im feeling pretty silly sitting outside the ER for it to get bad but if its just acid its going to be a big bill. Should I wait to see another doctor before going into the ER? Im athletic but just quit smoking after 16 years, high stress
output: Hello, You need to do -An electrocardiogram.-A chest x-ray.-A 2D echocardiogram. I have advised the above since you are at high risk, given your long-standing history of smoking. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi, I have an itching left arm pit since long time. It itches almost the entire day and specially more when I sweat. The entire arm pit has turned dark. There is a slight discoloration starting in the right as well. A Dermatologist once prescribed me Flucos Gel, which I used for a couple of weeks or so but had very little improvement. Should I continue using the Gel generously for a longer duration or change the treatment? Please advise.
output: Hi, The condition can be Tina corporal, corynebacterial infection. You need to apply clotrimazole cream or fluconazole gel over the area twice daily for 2-4 weeks.Also, oral antifungal like fluconazole would be helpful. Using antifungal powder like TZA powder would also be helpful. Hope this helps. I will be available for follow up. Regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi. My son has never really been sick other than a mild case of the sniffles. I m sure it isn t anything too bad, but he has a runny nose, sneezing and tonight ran a fever of 100.4. I could tell he was sick - you can see it in his eyes that he doesn t feel good. I gave him ibuprofen. I m guessing a sinus infection. How do I keep it from turning into bronchitis? I had a bad sinus infection about 6 months ago along with bronchitis so I just want to keep that from happening.
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor. I went through the history you have provided here. It seems from the history that you are having running nose, sneezing, fever... These symptoms indicate upper respiratory tract infection in the form of sinusitis. This requires treatment by the use of antibiotics, anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Ibuprofen is an anti-inflammatory 

input: My fiance and I are trying to get pregnant. We have been trying 2 months now and have taken 6 tests. the first 2 were false 3rd was invalid 4th and 5th were faint positive and the last one, which was another brand. came back false. I have had irregular periods my whole life the last one I can remember was about 2 years ago, and even then they were very light. about a month and a half ago I saw light spotting. I do have some symptoms along with a gut feeling. Symptoms are as follows: Largening, firmness and itchiness of the breasts, dizziness, occassional nausea. Could I just have a low ChatDoctor level? If so will that harm the baby? how can we get a for sure answer?
output: You could get blood test done 2 confirm pregnancy. Its is more sensitive, or you could just wait for a few more days and do a repeat test. Sometimes variations may be there in test results due 2 faulty strips

input: Hi, I am 20 years old and im asthamatic. I have undergone treatment and have been better for about two years after which it has started again. My doctor had prescribed me levolin as an emergency medication ,budate as my regular medication along with a tablet of montair lc every night(tablets for two weeks). The montair lc make me feel much better and keep me covered the whole day and i do not even need to take my inhalers. But the problem is whenever i try to skip these my symptoms come back i.e wheazing and coughing(particularly during the night). I have noticed that during this bout if i take one tablet of these,the symptoms subside in about half an hour like magic. I have been taking this drug for the past 2 months now continuosly. I am afraid that i might be dependent on them. I also do not want to take my inhalers since i am overweight and it just makes me bloated. Can i substitute the anti allergics for my inhalers. And can it be used as a long term medication. If used what could be the possible side effects to these drugs. Thank you.
output: Hello, thanks for your query, your montage -LC IA a prophylactic Chat Doctor.  If your comfortable with montailr-lc, continue one tab at bedtime, use inhalers during acute episodes. It can be used for 4-6 months, then it should be with

input: Hi,I am 31 years old and trying to get pregnant since 3 months now. Have done all the tests for myself and husband and everything seesm to be normal except Prolactin level shown as 26mg which doctor said is slightly high. I have taken 2 tablest of caberlin .5mg as prescribed by the doctor. Do you see any issue for me to concieve. I have perfectly regular periods of 30 day cycle.
output: Hi, Please repeat your prolactin levels after 3 months, although I do not see a marked rise in it now. This may interfere in your conception. If you are keen on knowing the cause of high prolactin levels, you could probably get an MRI of the brain. But, I am not sure how beneficial it would be for you. My gut feeling says, your levels would be normal after 3 months and that you should conceive soon as well. Wish you good health.

input: Hi my name is Christine and I have been dealing with a pain over my heart for about a week now and it hurts to breathe or lift up my left arm. Now the pain is traveling to my back. I can only take short breaths when it occurs also. Do you know what this could be? Should I go to a hospital?
output: Hi. By the symptoms as u narrated. It CLD be a muscular pain. But age s not mentioned. Kindly get one ECG done just in case to rule out any problem related to heart. I feel no heart problem I'll be there in your case. U can just take simple analgesic. That Ill solve prob. Thank u

input: Department of PulmonaryDear Sir/Madam,I am writing you from Dhaka, Bangladesh. I want to make online help with a senior Pulmonolgist.Patient is my wife. She is 37 and her name is AAAA Her symptoms are as follows01. Allergetic Rhinitis02. Allergent to dust  03. Sneezing & Running Nose frequently for 10 years.04. Bleeding from nose while taking nasal spray "AVAMYS nasal spray"Summary of her Diagnosis areTest                           Result* Cir Eosinophil Count  165 /cu mm * Serum IgE                 83.60 IU/ml* Skin Allergy(Hypersensitivity) Test  Name of Allergen=Coconut-4, Beef-4She is Taking the following medicines01. Avamys Nasal Spray 0+0+102. Tab Provair 10 mg  0+0+103. Tab Unicortin 400 mg 0+0+1/204. Seretide Evohaler   1+0+1In this circumstances i would like to help you better consultation and diagnosis.Waiting for your reply eagerly.With
output: THESE ARE ALLERGIES ALLERGIES ARE CONTROLLING FOR DISEASE BUT NOT CURING YOU ALL SYMPTOMS ARE OF ALLERGIC RHINITIS SINUSITISWHEN DISEASE GROWS THESE MEDICINES CANNOT CONTROL DISEASE SOMETIME AND GO INTO NEXT SYSTEM SUGGEST YOU TO GET SKIN PRICK ALLERGY TEST IN WHICH YOU CAN FIND OUT TO WHICH THINGS TO ARE ALLERGIC FOODS CLOTHES POLLEN AND DUSTSELIMINATE FOOD AND FOR DUST AND POLLEN GO FOR IMMUNOTHERAPY WILL HAVE PROMISING RESULTS BECAUSE YOUR AGE IS GOOD FOR RECOVERY

input: I have taken a sperm analysis test and the result is as follows: Physical Examination: Volume: 2.00 ml Colour : Dirty White Viscosity: Viscous Reaction : Alkaline Microscopic Examination: Total Count: 70 million/ml Motility: 80% Motile Morphology: 98% Morphology WBC: Nil Clumping: Present(+) Comment: Normospermia My question is what is clumping that is present in my sperm. Is it harmful? is my semen normal? Am i fertile?
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question. Your semen analysis has normal parameters, normal count, normal motility, clumping is normal, it presents normally. It agglutinates semen. Your report is normal. You are fertile according to this report. Hope I answered your question. Would be happy to help you further. Take care.

input: Hi, i m 21 yr old male . I have bump in my left groin area . There is no pain as of now . I think it is inguinal hernia ( as far i have get from other online sources i dont know whether i m right )  . Can you tell me more about it and suggest the treatment
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have inguinal hernia or some other mass.  You should go for examination.  If attire of coughing or straining your lump increase in size then it is hernia.  If needed go for ultrasound study. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hernia repair by meshplasty is the treatment of choice. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: i have effected malaria,typhi o with 1:160 dilution and typhi H 1:80 dilution. My started treatment before one month and now malaria test is negative typhi H is also negative but typhi O is same as previous dilution i.e 1:160.In how many days it will  cure?
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. Your malaria report is negative ... So no need for worry....for that.... Now for typhoid mention which Chat Doctor. ... Usually definite like 

input: Hi how are you well my mothers 85 years old she had sever stoffmach pain so my sister who lives with rushed her to the hospitals emergency room they ran many tests and found a small spot on her spleen that might be cancer a and in the pass  she complained that most foods for the exception of foods that sugary and sweet have hardly any tast so she prefers mostly sweets now recently she tells me that all food tast sweet could this be a side affect of cancer and if so what are her chances of serviving this could the right diet revers this give us your best advice we really would appreciate..
output: Hi.First there cannot be a cancerous spot on the spleen. IN a patient who is 85 years this can be due to an infarct or hematoma. And cause severe pain. Since you have given history related to food habits and taste, it is possible she has other forms of gastrointestinal disease, which needs a thorough investigation. I would advise CT scan of the abdomen, upper GI Endoscopy and tests of blood, urine and stool. I can understand the feeling you have about your Mother. If there is no cancer, she can live much longer.

input: Hi, a few days ago I started having this pain and a tender spot on the very upper part of my back on the top part of the spine. Pain got worse and is now a lump with a bruise on it. Went to GP and she gave me pain meds and prednisone. X ray came back normal. What could this be? I don t recall being hit at this spot. I am a swimmer. Is a possible I overdid it and tore a muscle that is now bulging out???Thanks!!
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorYou must be having abscess (pus). Cause can be infected sebaceous cyst or tubercular abscess in either case treatment is Chat Doctor.  Antibiotics tablets only will not help. Prednisone tablet should not be taken preferably. If the abscess tern out to be tubercular/TB then further evaluation of spine/backbone is required along with Tab. For TB. Regards

input: hello doctor I am 33 yr old woman with one failed ivf result A,M.H is 1.1 right now going for another IVF cycle again this year. what all medicines and how long to prepare my body with best supplements to have ? does COQ10, l Arginine and dhea works wonders in low amh values ?
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. I understand your concern.  Before planning for IVF, plan for minimum 3 months before., - Get your & your partners' health check-ups done & get treatment for any health problem you have. .  - have healthy lifestyle along with nutritive diet, exercises, sound sleep.  - Take vitamins .specially B6 & vitamin E.  - Prevent contacting any illness to either of you.  - Get Rubella vaccination 5-6 months before planning for a baby.  - Join IVF support group - Know about IVF in detail & be prepared psychologically, Understand how complicated the procedure is & how failure can be there, but always there is a positive result.  - A positive attitude helps.  - Follow doctors advise strictly after the procedure.  Thanks.

input: i took a abdominal scan in which i got a liver measuring 13.0 cms with impression of mild hepatomegaly with fatty changes and divarication of recti with small umbilical hernia defect size 8 mm, anteverted and bulky uterus. what is my problem exactly? I have abdominal pain for past 10 days in my upper right stomach and around the navel.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor The ultrasound found mild enlargement of the liver (hepatomegaly) with deposition of fat in the liver. Fatty liver is one of the more common causes of liver disease presently, it may reverse if lifestyle changes are made or progress to inflammation of the liver. The lifestyle changes would be increased activity and dietary changes such as reduced carboy Chat Doctor. Variation of the recto refers to separation of some muscles in the abdomen (the rectus abdominis). An umbilical hernia is a protrusion through a defect in the umbilicus. The anteverted uterus is not concerning and would not cause any issues. A uterus can be bulky for different reasons such as fibroid, pregnancy, endometriosis, adenomyosis, molar pregnancy, cancer. It is possible that the hernia is the cause of your pain particularly since the pain is around the navel. I hope this helps

input: hi,sorry to bother you.ok, sle, spinal cyst , low pain tolerance, lots of drugs....    4 red areas on skin, like a critter crawling up leg:  chilicerra just under 1cm apart, from what i can tell, 4 spider bites from yesterday  ..  live a mile as crow flies from lake superior, brown recluse just moving in.  slight ulceration starting at entry points of first bite    i am sort of into nature, did not see the spider but pretty sure these are spider bites. had flood last year and had an adult in basement that came with the flood.   they dont hurt......   so/?  mycitracin, benadryl, asparin, baileys ?   just watch?  it is rather fascinating   thank you gwen
output: Hi and thanks for the query, A spider bite generally produces an acute inflammatory reaction or allergy. This shall require use of anti-allergic Chat Doctor.  Anti histamines are generally effective in stopping itches and swelling. Steroids, either or local or injectables could also be useful in the management process. A key aspect in the management is surveillance. This important for failure to respond or aggravation of symptoms might require other 

input: I have been having a slight pain on the right side of my lower abdomen approximately 6 inches right of navel and have been constipated for 3 days. The pass 4 months Ive been drinking alot more do to a break up but have stopped and now im scared i may have appendicitis or something cause from drinking. I have been on web md all day. please help!!!!!!!
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. Web MD will confuse you more as there is no interaction with the Doctors. The cause of mild pain on consuming so much alcohol on the lower side of abdomen can be due to Colitis or syphilitic or appendicitis. I would advise you the following:Tests of blood, urine and stool. Physical examination by a Surgical Gastroenterologist. CT scan and colonoscopy will help in the proper diagnosis and for planning the management ...

input: I WAS GOT DEPORTATION  FORM 2 YEARS AGO WHEN I WAS ON CANADA AND I DIDENT GOT ENY QUIRE NOW I FEEL LIKE I LOSE MY MIND AND I WAS BE SO ABSENT  I LOSE MY WIFE AND MY WORK EVRY THINK AND EVERY DAY I WEAKD UPLIKE NEW MAN WHAT SHOULD I DO I WAS GO 2 Psychiatrist FORGET UR WIFE AND UR LIFE AND FORGET CANADA I LOVE CANADA SO MUCH IT WAS THE FIRST TIME ON MY LVE I FEEL AIM HUMAN HERE IN CAIRO EGYPT AIM NOTHING SO I TACE SOME MIDETION AND AFTER THAT I FEEL EVRE DAY IAM NEW MAN LIKE NEW LIVE I HATE MY FAMILE MY DR EVREY THINK HERE EVEN TALK ARABIC I HAT THAT WHAT SHULD I DO AND MY FAMILY THEY ARE RESESS THEY DOESNT LKE AMRCAN OR CANDIAN PEAOPLE AND I HATE THAT I FEEL LIKE AIM BABY HERE I 31 YEARS OLD
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  From the given description it is very difficult to diagnose your problem. It does not seem like amnesia or memory related disorder. This could more be like some sort of anxiety disorder or depression. You need to work with your psychiatrist to have a proper diagnosis and treatment. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: hello doctor, I am physiotherapist. my query is about consanguineous marriages, My parents are arranging marriage to my cousine only, i have a doubt about children health.Please guide whether their will be any physicall or mentall disabilities in the children.
output: Hi...scientifically seeing consanguineous marriages are not advisable as the kids may be prone for some inherited disorders which might be running sub-clinically in the family line. Another issue is that it can lead to pregnancy complications and birth weight issues. But at the same time it doesn't mean that all consanguineous marriages will lead to defective babies. It is not so. The best way for you will be that - Consult a genetics specialist (both of you) and get evaluated and then take a decision of the marriage. Regards - 

input: Hi. I am 32 years male and suffering from itching since few months. I also have fatty liver (mild) with high cholestrol.After checking blood reports and symptoms doctors said this is due to some food i have to find. But Still i was unable to find the root cause.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you are itching following intake of some food, it should be identified. Mild fatty change in the liver is May due to alcohol, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and dyslipidemia. As you are having high cholesterol it may be leading to fatty liver. Itching and rashes for few months may be due to allergy to food, dusts,chemicals and mite. Reason for the itching should be identified by undergoing Skin prick test for different allergen to which you are being exposed. Thank you.

input: hi I am a 14 year old girl who has been sucking her fingers since she was in her mums tummy.. i cant seem to stop and i have tried everything.. no creams can make me stop because i just seem to suck the stuff off. and hugging pillows or blankets doesnt give me the satisfaction of my fingers.. im really worried for my teeth .A dentist has told me before that the way i suck my teeth isnt harming the way they are.. but i still want to stop and i just dont know how. My fingers sooth me and keep me calm so i can sleep in a way nothing else can. i only do it at night and when im really tired.. please help
output: Hi and welcome, Finger sucking and thumb sucking habit is very injurious as dental health is concerned. Although thumb sucking is a normal habit it causes serious teeth problems if it continues long after the eruption of permanent teeth.  Prolonged finger sucking can create crowded, crooked teeth and bite problems.  You may also develop speech problems or problems with swallowing properly.  Protrusion and displacement of front teeth are usual results of thumb sucking. This can affect your facial appearance and cause further emotional problems. You can follow few steps to avoid the habit :Ask your family member to carefully remove your fingers from mouth during sleep Don't be in anxiety or fear. If you have any emotional problems, or under stress, and you need comforting, you may need to resolve those issues first before successfully stopping the habit.  Use a finger sucking guard. - your dentist might suggest the use of special devices to stop thumb sucking, called finger guards. A finger or thumb guard is a device with a plastic cover of the thumb that is attached to wrist. . Treatment with thumb guards usually lasts four weeks and helps to stop thumb sucking successfully. I hope this helps, take care

input: I have been diagnosed with biceps tendinopathy and supraspinatus tenosynovitis of the right shoulder following a vehicle accident over 7 months ago and despite a steroid injection and months of physical therapy, I can barely move my right shoulder, is there any real help for this?
output: Hello, As you met an accident where you were diagnosed with biceps retinopathy and supraspinatus tenosynovitis I wonder why the shoulder functions have not resumed even after 6 months. Have you taken an MRI of the shoulder? If so what was the reports? If not then please do take it. I suspect this to be a rotator cuff injury. Because any injury happening to the shoulder with two muscle injury falls in the group. The rotator cuff muscles are weak. You need to work out behind it. Shoulder function can resume only when we have good range of motion in passive for all the movements and also if we overcome the pain.  In fact, I should share one of the rotator cuff injury cases of mine. It was a case of 65 years old female with the above-mentioned injury. No passive or active shoulder movements. But to overcome the problems, I use to make the muscle tire by active ROM exercises and no weights. Just gravity assisted and gravity resisted ones. In fact all the shoulder movements like - flexion, extension, rotation, abduction, adduction and circumduction. At the end of the 12th week, she had the best movements without any kind of pain and shoulder was much stronger than before. I will advise you to look for a competitive physiotherapist who can help you get the best outcome score. If left untreated it will lead to other pathologies which are not accepted. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,I  have had severe pain in my back near my lungs when i breathe deeply for the past two days and ive been coughing up green mucus.I went to the emergency room today and had tons of blood work and chest xrays and everything came back normal aparantely.They said i have bronchitis and they cannot explain to me what is causing my pain in my lungs when i breathe.they put me on antibiotics for 5 days and said if im not better then to come back.I just wanted to see if there could be any other explanation on what is causing my lung pain.Im a very healthy and active 21 year old female who doesnt smoke.Thanks if you have any helpfull advice.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Bronchitis causes pleurisy (inflammation of pleura). And this pleurisy is the cause for chest pain during breathing. You should apply warm water pad on affected areas of chest. Take simple painkiller and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, pleurisy with gradually subside once bronchitis is cured. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: 22yrs old; 5 4; 174lbs; family history of diabetes, heart disease, and auto immune diseases: MS and lupus. I have a small, hard lump in front of my ear 1 inch above earlobe. Painful when pressed. Didn t notice it until I leaned my face into my hand. Should I go see a doctor? Doesn t hurt unless it s pressed.
output: Hi...it may be skin inflammation or infective if pain increase ND throbbing in nature....just try anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. . If swelling does not respond we can further plan for ultrasonogram ND treat accordingly....

input: My 4 year old daughter has allergy induced asthma.  She is currently getting over a cold.  She has been drinking a lot the past couple days and is very tired.  My mom recently mentioned those were signs of diabetes.  Could it be from the being sick and the asthma or should I have her tested for diabetes?
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI appreciate your concern, if the child is having asthma then it is likely that child may Chat Doctor. 

input: My baby is one year old now.since I gave birth i used S-26HAGOLD milk then I decided to switched her milk to nido junior . after switching I noticed every time she shit over or poopoo shes crying.is that the effect of her milk?what should I do in order my daughter will not suffer?
output: Hi dearWelcome to the ChatDoctorInjury at the anal verge to be ruled out.it could be due to the hard stool passage.(fissure). Apply anesthetic jelly before and after passing the stools. Hope the query is answered. Thanks

input: Hi my father had a knee replacement and he received the spinal epidural after he came home he gets cold and hot and he s been on the same med s and his foot gets cold and numb sometimes he can t stand a sock on. Could you please give me a answer m
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! Your father symptoms could be related to peripheral neuropathy. For this reason, I recommend consulting with his doctor and performing a nerve conduction study (electroneurography) and some blood lab tests (complete blood count, blood electrolytes, kidney and liver function tests, iron levels, etc.). Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: Hell doc I am a male I had some book test done for std and I had not had intercourse in 2 years I got a call about my test results the nurse said I was clear of std deases but I had a form of herpes now how does that happen when I have not had intercourse in about 2 years?
output: Dear user feel your quarry and I would like to tell you that genital her peal cavity then touching your genitalia cause you to get infected you have may be because of another factor rather than sexual contactalthaugh sexual contact is the main method of transmission of genital herpes, but genital herpes may be caused by indirect contact methods you may have hsv1 infection and then touching mucus membrane or oral cavity then touching your genitalia causing genital herpes also you may touch another person who carry the virus through hands or kissing then touches your genitalia that causes genital herpes so sexual contact is not the only method of transmission, but you should refer your doctor to confirm diagnosis clinically you need not get worry wish you healthy life

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here... I weigh 100 lbs and I am diabetic ---- last month I was diagnosed with MRSA ----- I had a sore on my back that got infected and grew to over half the size of an orange ----- since then I have lost 4 lbs and have had a severe pinch under my right rib and some swelling ----- I do not have a gallbladder anymore it was removed in 1996 please advise what I should do and dont tell me to go to the hospital I will not step foot in one again that is where I got MRSA from in the first place thank you Chrystal
output: Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor. MRSA is a bacterial infection found resistant to many of the antibiotics mainly to beta lac tum group of antibiotics. If not treated properly may lead to serious systemic infection. Vancomycin is the Chat Doctor. You should contact to your physician and advice him to give to full course antibiotic treatment as per your culture and sensitivity report .take care .

input: Hi, may! I am mother of a 3yr old boy,weight 26.2. I took him to a doctor after he has been vomiting for 3days. I was told that he has tonsils now he just woke me up to take him to the bathroom to vomit and blood came out. Can it be tonsils that burst in red form.
output: Hi...it is unlikely that tonsils have burst and there blood in the vomits. Blood in the vomit is a serious symptom which needs to be evaluated immediately. I suggest you take him to the nearest emergency room immediately. Regards - 

input: MY 29 yr old son went to the emergency room 1month ago with a quarter size lump in his neck below the ear. they tried to drain it because they originally thought it was a cyst or an infected hair follicle. With in 4 days the lump was the size of a hockey puck and extremely painful. They did surgery to remove it, but didn t take it out 2x s. Once before a mri and petscan, and once after, but both times they just sewed him back up and said if they removed it, they would be doing more damage than the tumor. He says he has a non-cell malignancy. He told me today it is stage 4 melanoma. He is in his 4th week of daily radiation, but he said that he has been told he is inoperable, uncurable, but manageable. He originally told me that the tumor was solo, and not attached to anything when he had an ultrasound, but 4 days later when they did the 2nd surgery it has wrapped itself around things in his neck. What kind of cancer does this? Is he terminal?He lives in another state and I think he is keeping information from me to spare my feelings?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. It appears that your son has a melanoma that might have spread to neck lymph nodes. This is a possibility and has to be confirmed by doing a biopsy. What happens is that lymph nodes are found in many regions of the body and are small unless they are stimulated by disease process. When there is a disease in a person then the lymph nodes of a particular region get enlarged and this is a reaction by the immune mechanism. Since your son has been told that he has a melanoma, it has probably involved the neck lymph nodes. The lymph nodes in the neck are close to the carotid artery and internal jugular vein, and it is possible that the lymph nodes have wrapped around these. Doing a surgery in this condition is not possible and radiation usually works. It is suggested that you spend some time with your son by going over to his place and know more about the treatment he should be taking for his condition. Please do not worry.

input: Doctor, I have a flaring toothache caused by tooth infection, its a saturday night so the dentist is not open tomorrow. However I have come Calvepen left over from when I had tonsilitis. Would this provide any temporary relief before I can get to the dentist?
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Calvepen is antibiotic (penicillin) which is used to treat infections. For the pain you can have an ibuprofen (if you are not allergic to any medicine). Antibiotics are to be taken on prescription, call your dentist office and start with the antibiotic. Do salt water gargling. Hope this was helpful. Thanks and regards.

input: my fiance and i have been trying for a kid. and for some reason Im not able to get pregnant. Ive taken birth control for five months but Ive been off of it for a while n ow. is there anything that I could do to help boost the chances of getting pregnant?
output: Hi, I think you can try naturally for 6 months. Be in contact with your partner every 2 to 3 days after your periods stop.  If your periods are regular, you can conceive naturally.  If your periods are not regular, you should get yourself evaluated first.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I have just been prescribed Pexep CR 12.5 mg (1 tablet per night). Off late I have felt very burnt out due to work stress, have had lot of mood swings (there are days when I feel depressed, feel like crying), cant get any work done. I also suffer from poor quality sleep (for the past 1 year) & the doctor gave me some sleeping pills (Lonacen 0.5 mg). He has told me that both medications will be stopped at the end of 2 weeks.He has also put me on a multivatimin tab & Omega-3 supplement. Do these medications sound correct for my problem? What are the side effects & withdrawal symtomns? Vikram
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor I think, you have adjustment disorder or depression. In that case, you need antidepressant with low dose benzodiazepine. Paper contains paroxetine and it is an antidepressant. Better to take these Chat Doctor.  That would help you more. It has some minor side effects like delayed ejaculation, gastritis, anxiety symptoms etc., but that resolve in few days. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: i have eroding bones and joints, in hands, feet, arms and back. they are sore to touch, one arm is swollen and aches all the time. my left leg goes numb. i can t walk far, my back locks up. i get radiating spams in entire length of back. i am physically tired, have difficulty doing everyday tasks, my hands are so deformed, and worsening all the time, they are so sore. whatever this is, it is in my bones and muscle. blood tests have show no RA factor. can you tell me what you think it is.
output: In my opinion you may have ankylosing spondylitis i recommed a full body X ray to confirm Good Luck

input: hi i am a 33 yr old fem. and have a kidney infection caused by proteus and I am on my 5th day of anitibiotics (Cipro). The pain is almost gone as well as the high fever, but i have been extremely dizzy. I was expecting that to subside with the other symptoms, is this normal? i just dont quite feel right.
output: Dizziness is not likely to be due to the infection unless OT is so severe that it had reduced your BP, but that is now unlikely considering that you feel the fever had come down. Ciprofloxacin is an excellent Chat Doctor.  You can take a multivitamin preparation for whatever it is worth as well. I suggest you take plenty of fluids and eat well for the next couple of days till you complete your antibiotics course but if you are not comfortable, please stop the antibiotic and get yourself examined by a doctor.

input: I am on Lovenox right now for a DVT . What will be the efffects of having a pot brownie while taking lovenox. Should I avoid completely?
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorIf you do have history of "Deep vein thrombosis" and you are taking treatment for this then thinking about the narcotic Chat Doctor. 

input: My 15 year old son has has persistent back pain for over 2 weeks now and its not improving, he says the pain feels like its in his spine, the docs just said muscle strain but theres no improvement after 3 days of rest, he said the pain is changing from a dull ache to a sharp pain...please help!!
output: Hello, I had gone through the case, and it might be slip disc or herniation of disc. So go for MRI of spine and then go for physiotherapy and treatment. Hope my answer will be effective for you. Thanks

input: Ive given my son his first 5ml dose of Zithromax for an ear infection before bed. His ear has been sore & Ive been regularly giving him some calpol too (well within recommended dosage). Now Im reading the small print & noticing I should have consulted the doctor if my child is taking or has taken any other medication recently along with the Zithromax. Im just checking that the  calpol & Zithromax combination are ok?
output: Hello! I have been through your question. Related your concern you shouldn't worry because that it is known that azithromycin and paracetamol don't exist any data to have interaction between them. So, what I suggest is only to give your child Cal pol not less than 4-6 hour between, if need it and continue to give the dose of Zithromax based on your son weight. I hope my answer help you. I wish your son a quick recovery.

input: Hi, can I answer your health question ? please type your question here....Gestational Age :BPD : 8.7 cms .... 35weeks 1dHC : 31.1cms .... 34weeks 5dAC : 30.9 cms .... 34weeks 6dFL : 7.2 cms .... 37weeks 2dweight  : 2693gms + /- 224gmsLiquor : Adequate{AFI:: 11.2cms}
output: Hello, Thanks for sharing your health concern with us. I have gone through the query and would like to offer my opinion. The sonogram findings indicate a gestational age of 34-35 weeks. The disparity in the femur length is perhaps due to the fetus being lengthier than usual. You may repeat the sonogram after a week for a proper appraisal of the situation and plan further management. Hope this helps.

input: okay here goes. Post-menopausal, 53 y/o 300lb woman. Previous history of bilateral oopherectomy (hence post-meno, at at 37) and both tubes removed: endometriosis. HRT for 5 years, then stopped due to inability to regulate bleeding. several endo biopsies and hysteroscopies in the past all negative; HPV test neg, All prev PAP neg. 1 benign polyp removed in 2008, bleeding stopped for about 3 years. para 3, gravida 1. current situation. ENDOMETRIAL BIOPSY results are ENDOMETRIAL INTRAEPITHELIAL NEOPLASIA, cribriform type, arising in an ENDOMETRIAL POLYP. Fragments of hemorrhagic proliferative endometrium. The endometrial polyp is extremely hemorrhagic and contains multiple glands demonstrating atypical nuclei and internal cribriforming consistent with EIN. TVUS 2 weeks ago showed 19mm endo thickness. PAP and cervical/vaginal checkup 4 weeks ago all normal. thoughts?
output: Hello, I would like to tell you that, you need to get PAP smear done and consult a gynecologist for treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: HI my 18 month old daughter has red eyes for 4 days, they are not overly red so I don think it is pink  eye, however she is rubbing them as if they itch, it started with one eye and now appears to be both, thus far she has had no other symptoms and is eating, drinking and playing as normal
output: HI...by what you quote I feel that she might be having a viral conjunctivitis. Usually it will start in one eye and the spread to another. Sometimes it can get secondarily infected with bacterial infection and hence might need antibiotic eye Chat Doctor.  I suggest you consult your ophthalmologist because - EYE conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically. Regards - 

input: Started as an yeast infection,cleared up. never had one before.Have flaking skin on but.peels,iches,oozes,look like it almost heal up.starts the cycle over and over again.now on one of my finger.can t get rid of it.have it for several months.please help.
output: Hi, It may be a contact allergic dermatitis most probably. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. Apply mild steroid cream on the lesions. Take antihistamines like Levocetirizine. Take oral steroids like Methyl Prednisolone in a tapering dose. Avoid contact with soap, detergents, dust, grass or other suspected allergens. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: My boyfriend was recently diagnosed with Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome. I did some research, and discovered that he has nearly all of the symptoms of heart block and many of the symptoms of heart failure. Whenever he has an episode with his heart, he gets very dizzy, nauseous, has chest pain and cold sweats, and eventually has a blackout. Is there anything that I can do to alleviate his symptoms when they occur?
output: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. I understand your worry towards your boyfriends' health. For treatment of patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White, it depends on lots of factors like presence of other diseases that might be present, the degree of severity etc. The best advice I have for you is to encourage him to see his cardiologist to know the best treatment possible in his case. I hope he gets better soon. Warm regards

input: I have a hx of L costochondritis from coughing. Today I was reaching and I heard popping in my L lower lateral rib cage and felt grinding/grating over 3lower ribs. It hurts to move, cough or take a deep breath. I am at the end of a RADS flare up & coughing is a problem.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of worsening Costco Chat Doctor.  So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid movements causing pain. 2. Apply warm water pad on affected areas of chest.3. Take painkiller and anti-inflammatory 

input: Dr., This is Himadri Dhar, my son Adriz is 3 years old and today around 4-5 hours ago we have taken cheese popcorn from outside stall and right now he is crying like anything for stomach pain. We are also suffering from gas formation. He does not have any other problem and not taking any other medicines at present. Can you please advise medicine for him?
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. I see similar cases in my clinic every day. Your child probably has food poisoning. If I was your treating doctor, I would have given syrup Cyclops 5 ml PO three times a day for 2 days and syrup zoxakind-O 3.5 ml PO three times a day for 3 days. However since this is a prescription medicine, i advice you to meet the local doctor to confirm the diagnosis. Also, avoid food from that stall to prevent similar problem in the future. I hope this has helped you. Take care. Regards - Chat Doctor. 

input: My mother is 77yo. She had most of her bowel removed 4 months ago due to cancer. At the time she was diagnosed as stage 4, as it had spread to her lungs and liver. The latter is now quite enlarged and she experiences severe intermittent pain. Recently a clear sticky fluid has begun weeping from her skin, around the eyes and neck, with a significant amount now coming from the lower legs. This morning there was also blood trickling from her calf, her feet have become a very dark shade of purple.I have called the palliative care people, who dismiss it as "the progression of the disease". What causes this? Can it be treated? is it a sign she is nearing the end of her life?
output: HiT hanks for your query. It appears that she is at the terminal stage of her disease. This current problem may be due to low protein in blood or compromised skin integrity or a coagulation abnormality. I am afraid there is no specific treatment for this and the doctors who have evaluated her are the best persons to suggest if there is any. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: i was having a infection on right testis before one and half years.i went appolo and they have given me antibiotics and after that it got cured but pain was there.i was unable to complete the course.but infection was completely over.after some months doctor did doppler scans and told me that i have vericosis.i got operated.before operation i was having motility of 40% and semen count 9.after operation after some months the count was 3 and motility near 40%.today i went to take test after 5 months now there is no count and dead cells.madam kindly tell me whether i have any chance to regrow the cells.iam currently in chennai.i was taking ayurvedic treatment from kerala but from past 5 months i was unable to continoue.am much tensed kindly tell me what to do.even still iam unmarried.waiting for your reply.
output: Good day, and thanks for your question. From your complaints there is something going wrong with your testis that started from infancy, and you will need a proper exploration of the testis by a Urologist. The results of the tests you did are getting worse despite receiving treatment. A Urologist should be seen. Hope it helps. Thank you.

input: I have some cuts on my penisI have these cuts from masterbating to much I was wondering what kind of cream I should buy at the store for the healing process. the cuts are around the head at the start of the shaft and some lite cuts on the shaft. I was just going to get some neoisporian I bought gold bond and thats for itching im not sure what to but becuse there are so many diffrent things to buy at wallgreens. what do you think ?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. How can cuts happen when you masturbate? Were you using some obsolete material to masturbate? Please whether the cuts are deep are in the shape of deep wound. You may use antiseptic ointments as an interim relief. These cuts could also happen due to Chat Doctor.  Keep the whole area clean and 

input: I have very frequent uti and my Husband and I are trying to conceive so we are having intercourse more frequently. I know this could be the cause of the uti but lately sex is pain full and there is a lot of discomfort with Oder just in the urin. And when I pee I feel like Im never done what is wrong
output: Hello dearWelcome to Chat Doctor.come have gone through your concern in depth.@ Pain may be associated with or without urinary infection as inadequate relaxation of vagina, anxiety induced spasms @ Causes of frequent UTI during intercourse are - transmission of bacteria as E.cold and others - use of certain irritating feminine products as powders or sprays - retaining urine long time after intercourse - organisms of herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, cytoplasm etc. - improper hygiene of private parts - inadequate water intake in much hurry of conceiving - others Hope this will help you definitely. Feel free to ask any further queries in future anytime. Thanks for so much peaceful evaluation of my answer. Regards dear take care.

input: Hi, my daughter age 19 just returned from Uganda. She is experiencing pain at her back rib on lft side. A phys therapist that was on the trip thought she may have popped a rib. She has no insurance. We can go to an urgent care facility but they dont have xray. Would that be required for treatment?  Thanks.
output: GREETINGS! ANSWER : Fracture or dislocation of the rib can be only confirmed through X-ray. If it's a fracture or dislocation then, There is no specific treatment for rib fractures, but various supportive measures can be taken. In simple rib fractures, pain can lead to reduced movement and cough suppression; this can contribute to formation of secondary chest infection. Adequate analgesia can avoid this! Flail chest is a potentially life-threatening injury and will often require a period of assisted ventilation. Flail chest and first rib fractures are high-energy injuries and should prompt investigation of damage to underlying viscera (e.g., lung contusion) or remotely (e.g., cervical spine injury). Other treatment includes internal fixation of rib!

input: Hi, I have a similar case to this one, in a 5 years old:my 3 year old child fainted today. she was outside in the hot sun and was eating an ice popsicle. she suddenly cried out. walked 2 feet to where her mother was and fainted. i picked her up straight away and she awoke. when asked she said she had a pain around the nasel area but does not remember fainting .any clue?I suspect vaso-vagal fainting due to the cold popsicle She had a similar case 3 years ago, which ended in pre-syncope. (she didnt faint as happened today...)In the last 3 years she has eaten hundreds of ice popsicles and ice creams, nothing happend....Thanks.
output: It might still be a vasovagal attack. Has your child any dental problems like fillings, etc.? Because the raw nerve roots at the base of the teeth are connected to the vagus nerve. When these nerve roots get irritated, she might experience a short period of fainting, but when they are not irritated, she might eat her entire ice cream without any problems.

input: Diagnosed with strep Sun before last - 10. days of penicillin. Throat and glands are fine, but I have an awful cough with much clear mucus - no runny nose. A doctor friend has advised me to get a chest x-ray tomorrow - nothing over the counter is helping. Very low grade fever all this time.
output: Go with tab. Erythromycin n story spy 5ml thrice a day. Wait for 3 days if not subsided then go with tab.azithromycin

input: Hi, i have had a sharp chest pain most of the day when I take a deep breath, only. the pain is directly left of breast bone . the pain does not radiate and no fever,or shortness of breath. i was able to chip ice and shovel today without any problems. thoughts?
output: Hi & Welcome. Non-radiating sharp chest pain on the left side of the breast could be due to Costco Chat Doctor.  Usually the pain goes away on its own. However, you can take non-steroidal anti-inflammatory 

input: SEMEN ANALYSIS:VOLUME - 5.1mlCOLOUR - creamy whiteVISCOSITY - viscosPH - 7.5MOTILITY - active 0%, sluggish motile 0%, dead o%.TOTAL COUNT - 0.0x10^6mlSEMEN M/C/S - pus cell - nil, epithelia cell - 0-4phf, RBC - nil.CULTURE - yielded no bacteria growth after 48hrs incubation.
output: Hello, You are having a rare condition called azoospermia where no sperm cells are produced, or the sperm cells are destroyed in the primitive state. Consult a urologist and get evaluated. A detailed evaluation is required to find out the exact cause. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Dr. I have been feeling pins needles like tingling in the thumb of my right leg from yesterday. I. M a housewife..most of the time on my toes... The skin below the thumb has become little hard too over the time.. And when I push it with my finger.. I can feel a sensation in nerve... Lately I have been experiencing knee pain also.. For that I took medication... My age is 25. Please let me know if this is a case of paras thesis or something related to my knee pain which has faded... But I feel weakness in my right leg
output: Hi, It may be due to nerve impingement or weakness of nerves supplying your feet. You can take analgesics like Paracetamol or Gabapentin for pain relief. If symptoms persist better to consult a neurologist and get a nerve conduction study done. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My wife has started to have sudden bouts of acting like she is drunk, she passes in and out of conciousness has slurred speech dizziness and also picks up conversations she was having in a dream. she is on ativan but has been taking less of it lately. she also hasnt been getting more than 5 hours of sleep at a time.
output: Hello. I am Chat Doctor. I have read your message. I think I can help you. The symptoms of the query are quite suggestive of a possible episode of seizures. The sudden onset of symptoms-

input: I had a D & C wednesday and went home started feeling better thursday. By Friday I was having severe abdominal pain and was very nauseated I went to the Emergency Room Twice. The first time they gave me iv fluids and morphine then sent me home. The second time the same but they did blood work and pushed on my stomach and a ct scan. I was told the blood work and ct scan came back fine but to follow up with my doctor on monday. Now once again I am in such pain i can hardly stand it and was running a temp of 102.3 but came down to 99.1 with Ibuprofen and it now burns when I urinate. There has to be an answer! Please help!
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having infection in your genital tract or urinary tract following D & C procedure giving fever and pain. You might require one course of antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medicine course for 5 days. Consult your GAEC and get examined. Take plenty of water and liquids. Ok and take care.

input: I am seeing my GP tomorrow but am concerned I have noticed a dimple developed in my left armpit. I am also experiencing shooting pain in both armpits & my right groin? No notable swelling or lumps in any associated areas.Please reassure my curiosity prior to seeing GP. Many Thanks Adele
output: In my opinion you 2 possibilities 1 viral infection in which body is fighting successfully 2 allergic reaction (many causes)Do not think you should be concerned Good Luck

input: My 2 year old has had a rash / hives in her diaper area front and back chronically, but has been worsening over the last 6 weeks. She does have a dairy and egg white allergy, but it has been eliminated from her diet all together although she has had 2 very minor exposures. Now the rash is visible red raised welt-like hives that flare and we treat with Triamcinolone that was prescribed by her pediatrician. Should we be looking for another cause of the hives? Her diapers or pull ups? She has no other symptoms except she get s a small patch below her mouth and on her cheek at the same time.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Took Xanax 14 days ago and still showing positive on a drug screen! I took about 10 mg in a 5 day period, was going through a separation and needed some rest. Took a drug screen today and showed positive, WOW!! Is there any way to speed process up too get the  mess out of my urine?
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor Xanax contains clonazepam and elimination half life of it is 30 to 40 hours. A Chat Doctor.  Better to avoid Xanax for next few days, and it would elimination on its own. Thanks

input: My baby girl she is 8 months woke up this morning and her left cheek is swollen and her appears smaller than the right one. She has 4 top teetChatDoctoring out. Can that be a cause? She does not seem to be in pain. She is palying and she had a bottle of milk 20 min ago. Thank you
output: Hi...you are right. The newly erupting teeth might have some problems like this due to local inflammation and hence the cheek swelling. If she's active and playing around don't worry. But if she's got pain, you can give oral paracetamol in the appropriate dose. Regards - 

input: I want to chew gum for the dental health benefits, but I cant stomach the artificial sweeteners (sorbitol, xylitol, etc), and I dont want sugared gum. I also dont want any mint. I just want the chewing experience. I have multiple chemical sensitivities prefer and inert substance to chew.Thanks. Stephanie
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. There are so many brands of sugar-free chewing gums like trident, orbit etc. you can use these chewing gums instead of normal chewing gums containing sugar. I hope my answer will help you take care.

input: I just had a weird hot flash...I was sitting down and all of a sudden my whole body felt hot, then I began to sweat and my hands were shaking. I also felt weak like I needed to eat. I ate a chocolate cupcake and some gatorade and feel better, but now I m cold. I ve never had issues with diabetes and I m almost 40... what could be the cause if this episode?
output: Tanx for asking me the in...I read your query...i donor your age.if you are female more Dan 50 yrs, you may get these symptoms.days because of menopause...or another possibility is thyroid.you sold check TSH. ...hypothyroidism is d disease which causes same symptoms.do check TSH. First.let me know the results.thank you ! I hope I answered your in.

input: Hi, I have had pneumonia for a number of weeks now & am on my 3rd round of antibiotics. Although I am feeling a lot better I still get very tired & am experiencing a lot of discomfort in my chest around my right arm pit. The x-ray showed the left lung was most infected. Is this something I should be concerned about or just continue to ride it out? Thanks you
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should get done repeat chest x-ray to see whether1. The lesion is improving2. The lesion is static3. The lesion is worsening. In pneumonia identification of causative organism is very important, so that we can give proper antibiotics. So if your lesion is improving than no need to worry. But if it is static or worsening than get done CT Thorax and Bronchoscopy with BAD (Bronchoalveolar Lavage) analysis for culture and sensitivity. By doing these we can start the specific therapy and titrate antibiotics too.

input: Hi, my LMP was 6th march 2012 thn negative home pregnancy tests. My doctor put me on Diane-35. Got my periods on 27th may. Flow was not much. Having PCOS. Now she has prescribed oosure and siphene. Am I on right medication???? Is it impossible to concieve in the first cycle for PCOS patients???
output: HI THERE IS A GOOD CHANCE. YOU SHOULD FOLLOW SOME RULES LIKE REDUCE 10% OF YOUR BODY WEIGHT. YOU MAY REQUIRE FERTILITY TABLETS FOR FEW MONTHS STARTING FROM 2 DAY. BUT NOTHING O WORRY ABOUT THAT.YA YOU ARE ON RIGHT MEDICINE. YA THERE IS POSSIBILITY OF GETTING PREGNANCY IN 1ST CYCLE. BUT YOU SHOULD AT LEAST TAKE 5-6 MONTHS BEFORE GOING TO NEXT PLAN OF TREATMENT thanks

input: My teeth on the right side are sore and throbbing and I have a headache like never before along with my temple and pulsating with pain and my throat is swelling below my chin as is my cheek. Also my ear is aching and everything hurts way more when I go to lay down
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, Toothache indicates infection of tooth. A detailed checkup and x-ray of the tooth is required. Root canal treatment has to be done. Start with a course of antibiotics and analgesics under the prescription of your Dentist. Take care!

input: Sir I am suffering from hyperechoic prostate with calcification from last one year when I urinate it pains my penis I used medicines doxycycline and alfazosin from last one month but no relief sir plz suggest me what can I do for this One more thing is I am still unmarried so I request your good self plz suggest
output: Hi, Need more details like age and associated medical conditions. If no relief with antibiotics you may need a cystoscopy. Consult a urologist.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi I had an ubaliacil hernia operated on, on the 15th September. It started oozing puss a week later through the wound. The wound stopped oozing out of my wound and then the same day it started coming out of my bellybutton. I put up with it for 7 weeks then my specialist did an exploration and left a 2cm cut just inside my bellybutton and said that there was just a pocket of the puss and that it would dry up it s been over a week now and it hasn t stopped and is getting more green every day what should I do ?
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. This green pus is suggestive of severe infection. I advise you to do Grams staining, culture and sensitivity from the pus. It must be antibiotic resistant bacteria that is causing healing more difficult. I advise you to take the Chat Doctor. This will make the treatment more effective, cheap and rapid. Please maintain good hygiene of the wound by frequent cleaning and 

input: Hi doc, I have pcos and i am 30, my doc recommended me taking mephrate its been more than 10 days but still i havnt ha my periods also i have lot of stress related to personal and office life...please can you suggest i always have negative thoughts because of this. What can i do to releive myself from stress and other tension.
output: Hi, You can expect a with Chat Doctor.  For the specific treatment of POD, there is a protocol of investigations to be done and treatment is planned according to the specific problem detected. These include a complete hormonal assay, glucose tolerance test, RHEAS levels, tubal patency if trying to conceive, trans-vaginal sonogram to view the uterus and ovaries. Maintenance of a healthy body weight, regular exercise and a healthy diet go a long way in the treatment. Meditation can help ease out the stress; please take the support of a psychologist if needed. Take care.

input: I have a very swollen cheek along the jaw. I visited the dentist on Tuesday morning and was told I have an abscessed tooth where the infection has gone into the cheek. I have been on the prescribed medication since Tuesday lunchtime and today the swelling is far more prominent and I am having difficulty opening my mouth.
output: Hello, Your infection is not under control and symptoms are increasing. Call your dentist to report that your condition has not improved and is worse. Your dentist will need to increase the dosage or change your antibiotic. Make sure you are following directions on taking all medication. I usually recommend Amoxicillin 500 mg or 875 mg depending on how often you take the antibiotic. Your dentist will recommend the next step for treatment of the abscess. You may need other oral conditions evaluated as well. Take anti-inflammatory medications in addition to the antibiotic. Tylenol and Motrin are effective choices. The choice of the antihistamine Ben Chat Doctor.  Keep well HY

input: I underwent stone operation( laser technique) in the month of october, the stone blobked the right ureter and one stone was in the right kidney, the kidney stone was not removed..one month later the DJ stent was removed. But since that day till date I am feeling pain in the operated area. After ultrasound a month ago the right kidney stone was not there and the reports were normal.
output: His your kidney stone is not seen in the recent Ultrasound abdomen, pain due to stone can be ruled out. Most probable cause is Injury to the Urinary tract during the procedure. If the pain is not relieved by Anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Most common cause is Chronic Appendicitis. Unless it is grossly enlarged, it cannot be seen in ultrasound. You have to go for CT scan abdomen with Contrast to rule out other causes of pain abdomen. I will be ready to answer your query once you come back with CT scan abdomen. Wish you good health

input: My son is 21 years old and is basically healthy. Over the last couple of days, he has developed what looks like canker sores on the sides of his tongue and he says it hurts and difficult to talk and eat and it feels a bit swollen to him. He thought it might be allergies, but Benadryl did nothing to help. His medications are Cymbalta, and naproxen and Imitrex as needed for migraines. Suggestions please?
output: Hi, As per your complaint it seems that ulcers on sides of tongue can to be due to Pathos Dermatitis leading to inflammation inside mouth and along with it there seem to be pathos ulcers or canker sores. It can be a side effect of the medication, other causes can be deficiency of iron and vitamin B12, stress, physical trauma to the tongue, allergies, acid reflux etc. I would suggest you to consult an Oral Physician and get evaluated and a thorough clinical evaluation and investigations like blood tests can help in diagnosis. Treatment of underlying cause will relieve the symptoms. As of now, you can start gargling with a numbing mouthwash containing Lidocaine to relieve the symptoms. You can also take a multivitamin tablet. You can take anti-inflammatory painkiller like Ibuprofen. Suck ice and do cool water rinses. Avoid spicy food. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: my daughter has been diagnosed with pollen allergies since she was 3...she is 6 now....we ve been on different medications, but the longest she took something was l-montus kids, for a yr.....she gets congested, irritable nose and redness around eyes from the pollen...rt now its winter in georgia, USA....pollen levels are minimal...but I still have to give her the medicine or her eyes get red and swollen....any suggestions?...want to minimise medicine usage
output: Your daughter seems to have quite a severe form of pollen allergy, normally called hay fever ---it appears that there is quite a lot of discomfort --inspire of montelukast medication in addition to symptomatic decongestants ---at this point the main idea is to take her away from the allergen --pollen --sometimes when this irritating agent can be given in small doses may desensitize. The plan of management includes --keeping away from pollen, decongestants, creams, she may need steroids short courses to help her during acute discomfort or pain. The good news is her airways seem to be free and no cough

input: Do u charge a fee? Leg pain fem top right side of tail bone down,,,,, for past few years. seems to be a problem, Every time my shoulders go off. one is higher than the other as if out of alignment. Also I can.com.com feel some lumps on muscles of leg. What is this?
output: Hello, As per your history, it may be due to thrombophlebitis. For further assessment you may require ultrasound Doppler of both legs, complete hologram after consultation. Along with that keep yourself HY Chat Doctor.  Take balanced diet. Till then for pain you can take tablet acetaminophen. Apply diclofenac gel or ointment Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: i am a lactating mother and am experiencing slight tightening in my middle of the chest for a week now. no pain or great discomfort but a feeling of tightening throughout the day? i am 34yrs old, 5ft 4" height 72 kgs weight, have no major healtChatDoctorplaints, sugar BP all normal.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about major heart and lung related diseases because you are young and having normal blood pressure and sugar. Sometimes, stress and anxiety can cause chest tightness. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I have been having lower back pain with shooting pain in both legs. Also have been having bouts with diarrhea several times weekly with pain in the lower part of belly right above the pelvic bone. I am wondering if these two things might be related.
output: Hi I am Chat Doctor. .  In my opinion you have a kind of sciatica due to nerve compression, actually these two symptoms are not related, but bowel movements may exaggerate the pain sensation.  For my patients I may recommend physiotherapy, hot massages, spinal straightening exercises will be helpful, painkillers like Advil tabs when needed, gentle massaging with anti-inflammatory gels, B12 vitamin supplements, muscle relaxants will be effective for most of the cases, in more severe and chronic cases steroid tabs or injections are prescribed.  If pain persists I recommend MRI scan on your spine to exclude any spinal disc herniation and follow them up with your neurologist for proper evaluation and management. Please click and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Wish you good health, Any further clarifications feel free to ask.

input: sir,i have a sexual problem mouth of my penis is shrinked and whenever i go for urine i have to open the cover in that i feel sharp pain and get cuts and scratchs on the skin for that i use cream cuts and scratch remove due to cream but again when i go for urine or sex this problem continuous again and again
output: Hello, Such shrinkage problem and cuts appear because of Chat Doctor.  You should consult a skin specialist for physical investigation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: my father experience numbness in his right hand after CABG 8 month ago. Doctor said it is normal side effect of post CABG. But my fther not happy with the numbness. so last week he start smoking ( he is a heavy smoker before but quit smoking after the CABG. he quit smoking for 8 month until recently ). He said the numbness gone after he start smoking. My question is, is nicotine or any substance in the cigarate have some effect on the the nerve or what so ever that can reduce or heal the numbness.TQ
output: Hello No it doesn't have any favorable effect on nerves, it's just his psychology and the urge to smoke in his subconscious that is making him feel in a better way. Smoking even after a CABG is highly inappropriate as smoking promotes atherosclerosis and can lead to a very early graft failure that could ultimately lead to a heart attack. So you have to make sure that he should stop smoking completely. Wish him good health Regards

input: Hi,I am Aditya 22 years old working professional and I am suffering from hair loss kindly suggest me some steps or any medicine to stop it and to regain the same. I have heard about biotin capsules if its good for hairs so please let me know in bangalore where its available.
output: Thank you for the question. Hair loss is associated to many factors. But hair loss due to heredity is usually seemingly get yourself first checked for routine blood investigations such as hemoglobin etc. If all the tests are normal, then you could start applying Minoxidil solution 2% or 5%. This should be supplemented with multivitamins. Biotin is usually found in multivitamins. Regular exercise/yoga, street free lifestyle and balanced diet will all be helpful in reducing hair loss. You will begin to notice hair growth after a period of 6-8 weeks after following all the steps which is advised Best Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been told that I have a chest full of lympnoids  some people say you dont get lympnoids in your lungs but my c- scan says otherwise i am scheduled for a biopsy sometime in the next couple weeks and I am very nervous and scared of what is happening..
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Chest cavity has mediastinal group of lymph nodes. And common causes for mediastinal Lymphadenopathy are 1. Lung infection 2. Sarcoidosis3. Tuberculosis4. Histoplasmosis (fungal infection)5. Lymphoma s (malignancy). So biopsy is needed to confirm the diagnosis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: basically i have been repeating myself alot lately i used to do it in the past but its been more common. its not like a stutter or stammer its only with one word out of a sentence. i will be speaking normally and then it hits me and i find my self repeating the word or sentance over and over sometimes even up to 20times. the wierdest thing is i can break away from saying it but to carry on telling the story i have to repeat it again. i was wondering if you have any answers as to what could be happening.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  From the description it is not easy to diagnose you properly. But I see a case of obsession here without any underlying physical / physiological cause. You had that disturbing sensation once. You expected it to happen again and tried. Then you started experiencing it as you were expecting it. Then your body brought the familiar symptom because you are expecting it. Then you started worrying that the symptom is coming again and again and expect it. Body brings it again as you are expecting it. You become worried and so on. That is obsession in simple terms. Ignore it and the problem vanishes. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: 32yo female,smoker, taking 90mgs of generic adderall for the past 6months, got EKG came back normal-no other health problems. having heart palpitations since starting meds, feels like its skipping or stopping then goes back to normal, ck my BP numerous times a day- its always between 80s -90s.. now my left neck vein feels like it is throbbinig or something- and sometimes i can feel it in my left arm veins too. worried my heart is going to give out or something!!
output: Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern. I will try to explain you something and give you my opinion. You must know that Adderall is a stimulant of central nervous system. It affects chemicals in the brain that contributes to hyper reactivity. Through stimulation of nervous system in a secondary way it stimulates the electrical system of the heart. This stimulation might cause fast heart beats over 100 or generate other electrical impulses in parts of the heart different from normal sinus Rhythm. This causes premature heart contraction that we call extra systolic beats. In this situation you feel your heart like running, making pauses or skipping beats. You might feel anxiety, difficulties in breathing deeply, palpitations or pulsations to your veins all over. Every kind of stimulation of nervous system might cause this rhythm issue to simple emotional stress, coffee consumption or pathologies like anemia, hyperthyroidism, this kind of medicine that act directly to the system. So, nothing serious is happening to your heart. it's a reaction to this stimulation. My opinions is to discuss this effects with your doctor and decide together what to do with and fit is possible or allowed to stop it. Hope I was helpful. Best regards.

input: Doctor I had problem regarding my foreskin . Generally my skin is over my penis & when I am not in stage of erection i was able to move it back but last month i got infection and cracks on it which later i treated with some soap and cream . right now i am unable to move my skin back and unable it to clean with water which i generally do while bathing. I am feeling little itchy inside it. I am practicing it to move back it is not so and feeling uncomfortable while sitting and relaxing
output: This is a condition of inflammation of foreskin, as per your explanation. Possible causes can be contact with any allergens, fungal or bacterial infection etc. It is very important to diagnose the problem exactly. Sometimes if you have this issue, using of soap and other creams can aggravate the issue. It is advisable you contact a dermatologist and get treated as soon as possible, and if it is due to any allergy (some people will even have latex allergy), avoid the contact with such allergens, and if this particular problem started after a sexual intercourse with a particular person, inform that person also to get treated. TC

input: I have 2 bad hips. Right one went first, better after cordizone shot. Left hip acted up, got a shot there but outcome was disappointing--technique was different and rushed through--left hip began getting much worse soon after. My question--when is joint damage too advanced to have replacement done?
output: Hello, It all depends on symptoms and radiological assessment. If symptoms are severe you can consider replacement on the side which has got more pain. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Take care 

input: hi sir, My mother is 70 year old femal suffering fever for a week . he has seen both lung markin with old fibrocalcifiedlesion in both upper zone. no active tuberculosis, consolidation or effusionis seen on eighter side heart size normal no pulmonary congestion is seen no lymphadenopathu is seen bony thoracic cage is normal tell me about her. is it serious ?
output: Hello and Welcome to Ask A Doctor service. I have reviewed your query and here is my advice. I have gone through the CT report you have mentioned. Fibrocalcified lesions are suggestive of old healed lesions. These are mostly due to previous lung infection or tuberculosis. No need to worry about these lesions as they are scarred inactive lesions. Rest of the report is absolutely normal. So no need to worry about lung related cause for her fever.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: my wife has recurrent ovarian cancer and has recieved 10 treatments with carboplatin and taxol....this was her third round of chemo in three years....she was diagnosed with mds last month so they have decieded to stop any further chemo treatments.... what other options are there
output: She might benefit from hormone therapy. Tamoxifen or aromatize inhibitor. You can discuss it with your oncologist.

input: I am 61 year old female. Just recently, I saw my doctor and my blood pressure was high. I have never had a problem with that. She just blew it off as nothing, but went to the dentist and they said it was high. Should I seek treatment? I don t really want to be on medication, but what can be done otherwise?
output: Hi, How much is your blood pressure? If it is elevated (120-129). But in case of stage 2 or stage 3, it may need treatment with antihypertensive Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: my husband recently got examined for company meedical test (age 37/ height 170/ wt 60) . his cholestrol level is 238 & LDL cholestrol was 152.6. also when tested for cardiac ischemia it was positive(the stress depression > 2 but it was recovered later). i jst want to knw is this a severe problem & can it be brought to normal?
output: Dear Mrs, If he has a positive stress test for ischemia, it means that one of the vessels with supply blood to heart is narrowed. It is not very common in his age, but possible. The risk of this disease is that such patients can develop a heart attack. The next step should be coronary angiography, it is an examination, when heart arteries are imaged, it will show the exact vessel and the percentage of narrowing. And if there is a need doctors may intervene and open the vessel with stent. His doctor will prescribe him medications to prevent further blockages, and he should follow healthy lifestyle: avoid food containing animal food, not to smoke and Chat Doctor. Hope this was helpful for nourishing a good health to your husbandmen back if you have any further questions

input: Sir, Is there any possibility of the wisdom tooth having cavity causes tinittus and hearing loss ?I am 48 years old,165 cm ht. 68kg wt. For the last 1 year I feel some symptoms like that of tinittus in my left ear and 60% of hearing loss. One of my wisdom teeth (left lower jaw) is having cavity and pain.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, Read your query, as you have tinnitus, hearing loss this is not related to cavity in wisdom tooth.  Due to cavity there can be referred pain in ear, but this tinnitus and hearing loss can be due to ear problem for this you should consult ENT surgeon and go for its treatment. For cavity in wisdom tooth you should consult dentist and go for IOWA X-ray of tooth if possible go for restoration of tooth or extraction of wisdom tooth.  In meantime do like warm saline rinses, you can take analgesic for pain like Painted or Paracetamol by consulting with your local doctor. Hope this will help you. Wishing you good health.  

input: HEY I ALWAYS WATCHING BLUE FILM AND I ALWAYS FEELING HIGH AND SUDDENLY I WASTE MY SPERM AND I WEEK I DO THE SAME AND NOW I CAN THAT I HAVE LITTLE WHITE SCARS IS ALRIGHT FOR ME OR I NEED TREATMENT??  SIR PLEASE REPLY ME SOON I WAS SO DESPERATE WITH THIS THING :(
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Please understand, there is nothing called wastage of semen or sperm. Sperm is produced whenever you are sexually aroused. Such produced semen is stored within your body and is a waste product. Body should throw the stored semen out. Body does it through urine, nocturnal ejaculation or through masturbation or sexual intercourse. You do not need any treatment except correct knowledge and awareness. I suggest psychological counseling. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Take care.

input: Hi Doctor,I am 24 yrs old and my Husband is 30. I am trying to conceive from last 3 -4 months. I had a abortion in May2012.reason came out is Tourch was -ve. I have completed the Tourchnil tablet course for 3 months as well.Currently taking the Furtisure from 3 weeks. Are there any side effects for those tablets?. What other tablets/ supplements would help me to conceiving soon?.
output: You should not worry much at this moment, as you are trying to get conceive only for 3-4 months .we do not categorize it as secondary infertility. As you have mentioned that you are taking furniture I think it is a herbal vitamin supplement, you can take another tablet which helps in fertilization that is-tab Along(pyridoxine+folic acid tab) and increase your frequency of coitus in mid-phase of menstrual cycle. If even after 2-3 month you are unable to conceive than consult your doctor for complete evaluation. Thank you.

input: I have pain in my lower back near my spine and the right hip area. It hurts worse to lean back and is very tender to touch the area.  It feels like there might be a lump near the spine. (I have had 4 back surgeries in the past years) the last one was in 1998 an have had pain ever since.  They did not get all the scar tissue.   I have had this hip pain for about a month.  What could be causing this.  My doctor did tell me that I had arthritis in my back.  I am a 63 yr old female.
output: You should follow these:1.avoid forward bending and lifting heavy things2.take NSAIDs twice a day for 5 days along with omeprazole tab at morning in empty stomach for same duration. 3.hot compress4.one tab daily comprising Calcium citrate and glucosamine.

input: I was told I have allergies to things out side & I was taking allergy medicine.it helped till about 3 months ago.now my nose drips every day nothing is working! I have nose sprays ,i have done salt water & medicine . I dont know what to do now .I also have breathing problems now too.I cant work because I am to sick. I have no life because of this .
output: I give you temporary solution of medicines you can take off and on for as many number of days and as many times without any side effect but eventually you have to consult allergeologist to get allergy tests to find the cause and desensitization therapy for permanent cure tab montage FX(combination of montelukast 10 mg and fexofenadine 120 mg)apply newsprint h eye ointment in nose but seawater Chat Doctor. 

input: My 57 years old uncle has gone under Angioplasty 10 days backj and a stent placed. After 24 hours of angioplasty, he is getting fever (100 degree Fahrenheit) and today is the 9th day, still he is having fever. Doctors are not able identifiy the reason. please advise what shud we do?
output: For fever, one has to find the cause. Blood cultures, urine examination, X-ray of chest, 2decho of heart, USG abdomen are few basic ones which need to be carried out. If all normal, then special test to rule out infection need to be done.

input: my stomach has been feeling queasy for the past three days. It was until last night that i started getting severe pains in my stomach and i felt dizzy and i also felt like throwing up. this morning my symptoms are worse. i keep burping and my stomach keeps making noises as if im hungry but im not. due to my severe stomach pain i have back pain and my ribs also hurt.
output: Your symptoms look like that of dyspepsia. Visit a medical gastroenterologist and get an upper g i endoscopy done. This can be treated with simple medicines. Decrease your intake of tea and coffee. If u take alcohol please reduce or pref stop taking alcohol.

input: Hello Doctor - I try to run ~5 to 6 km thrice a week. In addition to the running, I try to do some standard muscle stretches. After a typical running + stretches session (which lasts for 75 to 90 minutes end-to-end), I sometimes feel a bit weak. After coming home, I have one litre of water mixed with Electral (oral rehydration powder). This tends to provide me instant energy and I feel fresh a short while after drinking this. Are there any side-effects of consuming Electral frequently? Thanks,
output: HiIf you feel too much tired and also dehy ChatDoctor. 

input: My son has tonsils and adenoids out on Wens. Yesterday I noticed oral thrush. Hes in pain. Called in diflucan but hes got 1 day left on the abx. My concern is that the thrush will increase risk of bleeding when the scabs fall off. Im a nervous wreck.
output: The treatment depends on the underlying cause, age and the severity of the symptoms. If the oral thrush has been caused by certain habits (smoking, pills, wearing dentures), then your doctor will suggest specific changes that would heal the lesions automatically. If the infection persists then antifungal medications are prescribed, which could be in the form of pills, Chat Doctor. 

input: yes please I found a lump about the size of an egg and it seems to sit right above the rectum but I feel it in my abdomen it is hard and it is painful to bend at waist. I had three abdominal surgeries three years ago and I have three fistulas. I have also been running a fever between. 100. and 103.
output: Hello lump of the size of an egg is a matter of concern particularly in perianal await could be any of following perianal or ischiorectal abscess Large hemorrhoids Rectal polyp Cancer growth in rectum or anal canal I would advise you to consult a gastroenterologist or proctologist for colonoscopy/ photocopy for confirmation of diagnosis have plenty of fluids lots of fruits and dietary fiber avoid constipation by taking liquid paraffin at night smoking and alcohol to be given up hope this helps you regards

input: My 9 year old boy complains of headaches in the eyebrows.  He gets it after watching a movie where it is dark than light and when going to bed, going from light to dark.Sometimes he has stomach upset and dizziness as well.  We use homeopathic remedies for dizziness and headache.  Is there anything else we can do?
output: Thank you for following up. We should do differentiation diagnostic of your child headache: Acute single episode:- with meningismi, accompanied by neck stiffness-head injury-sinusitis(dull ache over frontal or maxillary sinuses)- tropical illness:malaria-low blood pressure Recurrent acute attacks of headache:-migraine-cluster headache-trigeminal neuralgia Chronic headache:- Tension headache:stress relief, massage may be helpful-Raised intracranial pressure:typically worse on waking, lying,bending forward.- Medication overuse I suggest -1. Consult your pediatrician and pediatric neurologist2. He might require an ECG For prophylaxis of stomach upset I recommend probiotic- Darla 1 capsule 1 time 1 month Best regards Chat Doctor. 

input: really quite bad gallstone pain, wonder if stone in bile duct, waiting 17 days for ultrasound to confirm docs diagnosis, dont know what to do if pain gets worse tonight, have some pain meds but if I sweat with pain plan to get husband to take me to ER, hope it doesnt happen, any help?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. In acute phase, you need to take plasmolytic, avoid fatty food and rest. In case of progressive pain, go to ER. Your symptoms may be suggestive of gallbladder stones, so you should do at least ultrasound or CT scan to evaluate it more accurately. This is caused by stone in bile duct and is very common condition.  You need to change your dietary habits first.  Need to avoid fried food, carbonated Chat Doctor.  You should eat more milk products, vegetables and boiled food. If there is no improvement on lifestyle or dietary changes, then surgery is recommended. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: I was poking my teeth when suddenly a piece of my front tooth yanked-out. At least, I think it was a piece of my tooth. I can feel a whole in the back of my teeth, but you cant see a whole in the front. The piece I pulled out had somewhat of a chalk-like feel to it.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have broken front tooth from palatal aspect don't be worried so much chalky tooth can be due to condition like fluorous or due to nutritional deficiency. I will suggest you to consult oral surgeon for examination of teeth and go for oral prophylaxis. If this can be restored so for tooth colored composite restoration. Inmeantime maintain proper oral hygiene. Do warm saline rinses 2 -3 times a day. Hope this will help you.

input: Hi, i am 29 weeks pregnant, I have just had sex with my partner and the foreskin on his penis has become red and swollen, i feel swollen and tender aswell but that has been happening recently and ive put it down to the pregnancy. He is worried that it may harm the baby as this reaction has never happened before.
output: Hello, Make sure that he does not carry any infective disease. Active disease during pregnancy may cause preterm delivery and other complications. Consult a gynecologist and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Last night I got the sudden urge to rearrange my room. I later started feeling back pain but thought it d be gone by the morning. It s still there and extremely uncomfortable. I got up to use the restroom and when I stood up from the toilet it hurt my lower back a lot. Not only this but all of a sudden I got light headed and thought I had gotten up too quickly but it kept on getting worse. My vision started tks blur and I got off balanced.when I was holding on to the towel rack I couldn t stay up and I kept on swaying back and forth. And hit my head on the wall I felt like I was going to faint but managed to get out of the restroom and get to my bed. It slowly went away and when it did I noticed I was sweating and there was a ringing in my ear. I m not sure what happened or what to do about this back pain.
output: Hello, from your description, it was likely that your back muscles got strained that resulted in severe cramps resulting in severe pain and light headdress. How are you now? Get back to me for any further clarifications thanks

input: My 86 year old father just got out of the hospital after being diagnosed with anemia . His hemoglobin was 7.6 hematocrit was 23. He had a small bleed , I think they called it an AVM. They cauterized it, gave him one unit of blood and also gave him I ve iron. On Wednesday his hemoglobin was 8.8 and his hematocrit was 28.8. He had another 2 units of blood. He has experienced some foot pain lately, but this morning he got up to go to the bathroom and almost fell. He said the pain in his right foot was bad. I was reading up on and came across information that it could be from a B 12 deficiency. If this is so, Would they have seen this B 12 deficiency on his latest CBC or BMP?. He has has B 12 shots in the past, though I couldn t say when the last one was
output: Thank you. There are many causes of anemia. Among them the most common are iron deficiency, chronic blood loss, vit b12 & folic acid deficiency etc.in case of vitb12 deficiency peripheral neuropathy may occur which may causes pain in the hand & feet & other features.it is easy to diagnose. Examination of peripheral blood film show megaloblastosis. As there is history of it b12 deficiency, so it is better to exclude megaloblastic anemia. Take care.

input: Hi! My husband has a problem. He used a Veet Hair removal cream for all his body on saturday.(including the balls under penis) And next day he saw a blood in his urine. He told me is soo much:( When he wake up on Monday morning he saw a blood in his boxers. Is it possible to be reaction from Veet cream?Thank you
output: Hello, I can understand your concern for the blood in boxers of your husband after applying the meet cream. It appears that your husband has developed irritant dermatitis after applying the meet cream over the genital area. These creams are quite prone to cause the burn on the skin and therefore can cause damage leading to oozing of blood from the affected site. I suggest you to ask him to do cold compression over the affected area. Till the time you meet a family physician you can ask him to apply an antibiotic cream such as funding cream or mupirocin cream over the affected area. Ask him to wear lose cotton clothes so that it should not irritate the scrotal skin. All the best.

input: I have had very heavy and painful periods for many years.....I am trying to conceive right now (miscarried in November, ectopic in March which resulted in losing my right tube.....is there any chance for me and could the cause be rooted in my heavy, lumpy and painful periods?
output: Hallow Madam, Since you have conceived twice in your life, there are very good chances that you will conceive again. However, the history of ectopic pregnancy cannot be ignored, and you will have to be on the guard for it. The best option is to monitor the ovulation by ultrasonography and time your sexual intercourse on the day of egg release. You will have to submit for the ultrasonography day 9 onwards for about 5-6 days. This should give you better results. If you choose to have pregnancy when the egg from the side on which tube is intact is selected, the chances of pregnancy will still be higher. I hope this helps you.

input: hi i am 16 weeks pregnant and i am feeling sick all the time im always tired and havent been able to eat i eat very little today i have had allot of lower legg cramps back aches and just aches and pains just feel sick can you help me also thier is no bleedingthank you
output: Hello Thank you for using Chat Doctor I read your question and understand your concern Based on what you describe it looks like you have vitamin deficiency and mineral deficiency, so I advise you to take some magnesium vitamins from the mouth. It should go away pretty quickly. I wish you a quick recovery.

input: my husband had a half gallon of brownish fluid removed yesterday from his peritoneum cavity, it distended almost to the same size within two hours. could he have internal bleeding? they, the doctors sent a sample to the lab how long should it take until we know the results?
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. You will receive the report with in a day. The fluid collected from the peritoneum is the ascites fluid. It is an interstitial fluid of the body. But it is not the bleeding. But it won't be filled with in a day. You should be investigated for such a fast filling.USG abdomen is very helped full in such a diagnosis. There are many causes of the collection of the fluid most common one is the liver failure, some malignancy etc. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: I have noticed for about the last 6 or so months when I sit down in a hard-back chair there is an area in the middle to lower section (about where my belly button would be) of my spine that begins to hurt. I have a bruise at the location of the pain -- probably because I am a student and my back is constantly being pressed against hard desk chairs. When I run my fingers along my spine, I do notice a slight protrusion at the source of the pain -- I m not sure if it can be seen, but I can feel it. I don t have any serious history of either back or muscle issues. I do feel quite restless when sitting down -- I am constantly shifting. I also get the urge to crack my back at least two to three times per day. Any ideas about the pain in the one spot of my spine? Why is it sticking out? Thanks!
output: Hello ! I understand your concern. In my opinion a disc bulge in that level of your column may be the cause of these symptoms. The protrusion may be an inflammatory lesion, or just the bone related with your spinal nerves at the point of the column where they get out from the spine. Other possible diagnosis, more rare may be lesions of the spine like tumors, cysts, etc. I would recommend you see a doctor and have a lumbar column x-ray and a blood routine test to rule out this diagnosis. Hope to have been helpful! Thank you for using Chat Doctor! Best wishes, 

input: hello dr, my son is 2.4 years he his not passing motion properly, he his facing very difficulty while passing 4 to 5 days once..it is very hard.our doctor suggested laxoped kid powder for 10 days but he dosn t drink. for this situation any other surup can i give him..please suggest me with regrads, sowmya
output: In my opinion you can also give EVA Q syrup child pack. 2teaspoon bedtime you can give. Along with this add a probiotic like ENTEROGERMINA SUSPENSION 5ML ONCE A DAY.

input: doctor ,, how can remove black dirt on groin ? 16 y/o ,female , 5 5 , 47.8 since i was a child i have this i don t know where it came from and its really hard to remove. is it permanent ? hope you can answer my question thank you in advance .
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor Blackish discoloration can be caused by many causes. Few of the causes is pigment disorders, also fungal infection like Tina. You need to keep the area clean and Chat Doctor.  Avoid sweat accumulation. Avoid sun exposure. Eat plenty of fresh fruits and green leafy vegetables. 

input: I am a 50 year old male was in hospital on Monday evening was treated for bladder infection/or prostate gland infection I was giving vicoprofen and ciprofloxacn and now my left nut is swellen and I have been putting ice on it for 20 minutes every hour but the nuts are swelling really bad what should i do and what also  caused the swelling of the nuts they referred me to special but when i called for appointment they could not get me in until July the last of the mouth, I am great deal of pain and we need you help
output: Hi, thank you for trusting ChatDoctor .com!Im 

input: i am having an lower abdomen pain, groin pain and lower back pain i did the urne culture test and below are the result pls help Organism isolation : E.coli Colony count : 0000 CFU /ml Sensitive to : AMIKACIN CEFOTAXIME GENTAMYCIN NETILMICIN NITROFURANTOIN PIPERACILLI+TAZOBACTUM TOBRAMYCIN GENTAMYCIN Resistant to : AMOXYCILLIN+CLAVULANIC ACID AMPICILLIN COTRIMOXAZOLE NORFLOXACIN
output: HI Mr Dinesh I think you have mistaken the colony count of E Cold, any way if it is more than 100000/ml then it can be diagnosed as UTI(urinary Tract Infection) if you have the following symptom present-1)Burning sensation during urination.2)fever, so you have to start antibiotic (choice will be a sensitive one as per report), as well as Urine alkalizer.

input: I have been taking the contraceptive pill for over 2 years and have never missed a gap week. i am on my gap week now and still no bleeding? i was sick and had antibiotics and pain killers for my back during my last 21 days but used condoms as extra protection. should i go to my gp?
output: Hello, The company which you are saying suggesting me to rule out pregnancy first so for that reason opt for urine pregnancy test but at the same time chances of it to come positive is very less but still would like to rule it out first, then if its negative it means because of your recent illness your periods have got delayed so start taking multivitamin and iron tablet because many times because of nutritional deficiency also periods dates may get altered. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi , myself celina age 26, my relation never worked out with anyone and now I am in a situation that I scare to bring a new person in my life I am not able to trust any body and always think that people are doing conspiracy for me , what should I do ? Now recently I deeply and seriously feel in love with a boy but I never got the attention and concern that I should deserve from him and it made me more insecure though our relation was for two years I never had physical relation with him because my past relation was not good , and I always felt that boys just come for sex and they are never serious with any one .When I was 11 years my mom and dad got separated and I always blamed myself for this I do not know why , and I used to hate the opposite sex , because even in my family my uncle tried to have sex with me , this is the main reason I used to hate boys , now I am in deeply love with this guy but he neither understand my situation neither co operates with me always tries to dominate me I want to come out of this but i feel very insecure due to my experience I cant take it any more , recently after this break up I feel that I am not good enough to handle relationship and also scared to go for any new relation totally lost don`t know what should I do , there is something wrong and I want to correct it please help
output: Hello Bad childhood experience, troubled relationships between parents are causing the disturbances in your behavior and relationships. Your close uncle tried to approach you and this resulted in fear of males. But presently you had relationship with a boy, so you have to move on. Childhood trauma results in conflict in mind, and it causes severe distress, and it can cause serious effects on personal and social life. I would advise you to please consult a good Psychiatrist for expert opinion and get your Psychotherapy done. Psychotherapy will resolve the unresolved conflict and will improve your condition. Life skill training is also needed. Try to do relaxation exercises and this will increase your confidence. Hope it solves your query. Thanks

input: Hi Dr Grief, My name is Sarah. I have been in the hospital the last three days and have been give Heparin injections. My last injection was this morning and I am continuing to bleed from the site. How can I stop this? I have applied multiple band aids and it soaks through and onto my clothes. Thanks, Sarah
output: Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your health concern, if I am your doctor I suggest you that heparin is anticoagulant and should not be taken if the bleeding is continuous, I advise you to take consultation with your doctor and stop the heparin. Heparin has action of thinning the blood. I will be happy to answer all your future concern. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious disease specialist. Wish you the best health at Chat Doctor.

input: I done my missed abortion in october 31st , 2013. now Am pregnant in 6 week 1 day. Dr.Advised to take 1 hucog 500 injection and prenone 200 vaginal tablets . whether these medicines create any stomach pain because i am using these medicine for past 8 days but i have the stomach pain. whether these stomach pain will affect my pregnancy baby , plz tell me sir , am very scared about these stomach pain
output: Hi and become to Chat Doctor Thanks for the query. Stomach pain can be one of the side effects of Chat Doctor.  If there is pain in lower abdomen associated with abnormal bleeding then it may indicate something more serious, and you should consult your gynaecogosit. Wish you good health. Regards

input: My husband is 52.  He has had diabetes since the age of 12.  In April, 2010 he had a stroke leaving him with right side paraparesis.  He  started dialysis in May, 2010.  He has a lot of pain in his lower back and woke up last night with chest hurting and the night before with stomach and lower back hurting.  What do we need to look for?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. There are few reasons for back pain in this case, due to the underlying paraphrases if the patient is less mobile.2. Underling Diabetes - If it is uncontrolled.3. Age related degenerative changes do may cause the back pain.4. I would recommend an MRI spine to find out the status of the disc and cord involvement, at the same time a plain radiogram (X-ray) spine for bony changes. Hope it helps you. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.

input: i get cold that is in the form of allergy (that is running nose and sneezing) almost after masturbation or even if i get night fall. I am 100 % sure about it , if i dont do masturbation for say 7 - 10 days then i dont get cold (allergy that is running nose and sneezing) for that period of time . Sneezing continouly for 20-25 times is too much to handle for me
output: Hello, thanks for your query, I think u have honeymoon rhinitis, any way, sequence of sneezes, running nose, itching in ears, itching in roof of mouth, blackness under eyes are the symptoms of allergic rhinitis. It is best prevented by not to expose to cold, dust, not to consume ice creams, fridge water, curd. Best street meet is Adams(fluticasone) nasal spray twice daily, tab. Monte- LC (montelukast+cetirizine once daily at bedtime. All the best. Take care.

input: Hi,The inside right cheek of my mouth does not feel smooth as the left cheek, something like a very fine sandpaper feeling. I looked with a flashlight and it looks different than the left side. Gray cast rather than pink like the left side. It is hard to see close because of the limitations of my glasses and the mirror. Do you have any ideas? What kind of doctor would I make an appointment with. Would it be a dentist, GP, or something else?
output: Hello. Thank you for consulting Chat Doctor. You need to consult dentist for diagnosis of this lesion. According to symptoms you mentioned you can have leukoplakia/keratitis / lichen planes/ oral keratinizing candidiasis. I need to know your tobacco habits. I also need to know your gender and mental status either you are under any stress ? I also need to know are you taking any medicine regularly specially steroids ?perfectly the lesion can be diagnosed with microscopic examination of the infected tissues.

input: I have had burning mouth syndrome and burning in other mucous membranes. Are they related? I got this 9 years ago. It is so painful and it had subsided but started up again very suddenly 2 weeks ago. Is there any new information you could give me regarding treatment?
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Burning mouth sensation as you have mentioned is usually of unknown cause, though some conditions like severe vitamin deficiency, stress, Chat Doctor. I would advise you to get a complete blood profile to rule out any systemic conditions like diabetes, thyroid, nutritional deficiencies and get them treated.

input: A few days ago, I pulled my lower back quite badly. Since then it seems to be healing with rest, ice and gentle exercise. However, a simultaneous problem has occurred that is causing a great deal of pain. I noticed that my bottom was also very painful, and when I looked there was a red and painful lump at the entrance to my anus. I took this to be a haemorrhoid. However, it is a very swollen and red perineum that is actually causing the pain. Is this related? Are they related to my back? And how can I treat it? At the moment, the combination of injuries means I can barely sit or sleep.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. I don't think your back pain and swelling at anal region are associated. By your history and description, your anal region swelling is mostly due to boil (skin infection). It is common in diabetic patients. So first rule out diabetes. Also consult surgeon and get done clinical examination. You need incision and Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I heard gargling hydrogen peroxide makes teeth white. I tried it, but shortly afterwards my nose started bleeding and also a little through my mouth. Is this a side affect of gargling hydrogen peroxide or may this be caused be something else?
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to shy Chat Doctor.  Less complex molecules that reflect less light lead to a reduction or elimination of the discoloration of both the enamel and the dentin. The length of treatment depends on the level of discoloration and on the whitening product used. It ranges from short interventions in the dental office to applications at home lasting minutes/hours per day and repeated over a number of days. Single dark teeth can also be bleached successfully. Heavy tobacco stains may need as much as three months of treatment. Whitened teeth generally do not darken after treatment or darken only slightly, and when they do, retreating the teeth can easily be done. Hope this helps you. Wishing you good health... Regards.

input: My 24 year old son was diagnosed with strep throat saturday and started antibiotics.  By Tuesday his stomach hurt so bad he went to ER....They said after an ultra sound that his gallbladder was swolen.   On the IV with antibiotics he felt bettter, now 12 hours later his stomach is bad again, he thinks its the antibiotics.  Im wondering if it is just anything he puts down his stomach affects his gallbladder????? Help I dont want another trip to er
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. Antibiotics quite often cause some gastrointestinal issues. Like every medicine they can irritate stomach causing stomach ache. Usually it is nothing serious, however if it starts recurring, some diagnostics is necessary. Swollen gallbladder should rather get better after antibiotics. So it is hardly possible that antibiotic itself has caused such issue. More possible is that your son has peptic ulcer which get irritated by antibiotic. In case of peptic ulcer, ultrasound is usually useless. I suggest your son to visit a doctor once again. CRP, and blood work should be done along with an ultrasound. If nothing will be found, gastrostomy should be next. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: My boyfriend and i went to the building store about 1.5hrs ago and he started feeling really hot, he started sweating really badly and felt really light headed, hungry and thirsty. He is 19 years old what is wrong? he still does not feel like himselfhe gets hot and then cold and shakes and sweats
output: **1. Going by the time period and symptoms it could be acute stress reaction, viral or bacterial infection, heat or cold exposure.2. Visit your nearest physician to check with his blood glucose level [low blood sugar level causing hunger, thirsty, light headdress, sweating] and for EKG [electrocardiograph] to exclude any heart abnormality.3. After necessary examination he may ask for:. Blood culture for malaria. Sputum culture. Urine culture. X-ray of the chests. Since chills are natural response of body to variety of conditions thus prior to opting for any medication kindly visit your health care doctor.

input: I was bitten two days ago by a fire ant, three times on my middle toe on my left foot. It became inflamed and red very quickly. I used benadryl, it stopped the itching. Yesterday morning the swelling had spread to all 4 small toes and into my foot. My doctor prescribed prednisone and topical steroid cream. Also told me to take zyrtec or clariton over the counter. I took the steroid and it seemed to reduce the swelling but by the evening two of the insect bites were black and the surrounding area was also black and swollen. I soaked my foot in epsome salts that helped the pain and reduced the redness and swelling some. Today the bites are still very black and swollen but not exceptionally painful. Should I be concerned? Should I lance them and soak again?
output: Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor It would be best not to puncture them because they can introduce infection if the technique is not sterile. You may want to add anti-inflammatory painkillers to your current regimen. They would help with pain relief and also reduce the inflammation due to the bites. Examples are ibuprofen, naproxen should continue your other medication and can also the foot baths. It is possible that the bites may become infected so if there is no improvement you may need a course of antibiotics. I hope this helps

input: Hi my age is 23 n i hv hairs on my face .I need any medicine for it so please suggest any medicine for me. Hi i am a female and my age is 23.I have hairs on my face.Now i am using bleach cream for covering it because due to these hairs i am looking ugly.I want to get rid from these hairs so please help me.I have used before thread or wax for it but it cause acne on my face.Kindly suggest any medicine or method for me.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. My first worry when you say excess hair is about your menstrual history. How is your menstrual history ? How is your weight ? Please reply to me as a post or mail me, I would be able to help you. There are no prescribed Chat Doctor. 

input: My neurologist told me that my brain MRI indicated I have significatly more white matter than someone my age. I had the imaging done to try to find out why I was having chronic sharp pains in my head. I had an ANA panel done along with an MRA and an MRI for my neck. Nothing was discovered concerning the head pain. However, I am now wondering about the excess white matter. He was not concerned about it. The answers I can not find are....Does too much WM mean there is damage? Does it mean there is disease? I plan to schedule a follow up to ask these questions, but in the meantime, I would like to know.
output: Hi, nothing to worry. Excess white matter in brain MRI than usual does not carry significance. Headache is not related to this and various causes for headache like lack of sleep, deny Chat Doctor. No need to follow up.

input: hi i am a 28 yr old male and for the last yr or so I have had a lump right below to my nipple its dry on the surface has kinda mini cracks like a brain and has black spots on its surface. Its about the same size as the nipple but just below on the areola. I have no health insurance to see anyone and dont want to die. Any ideas what possible things this could be.
output: Hi, thanks for query.There is no reason to worry so much. From the appearance it could be either a hair root which has got infected or a cyst. There is nothing to worry, please avoid touching it and do press it. In case of pain or redness you need to see the doctor and take treatment for this. Wishing you good health.

input: I am a 25 year old female, weight 130. Generally I am pretty active(going to the gym at 5-7 per week). However, in the last month or so I have been exhausted and sore which made it difficult to work out.  I blamed in on worsening allergies(I live in the northeast) and everyone seemed to have worse allergies this year. However, my "allergies" were not relieved by over the counter medications and perscription nasal spray.  My symptoms have been getting worse and have been present for at least a month and are flu like.  I have had an intermittent fever for at least a week and have chest pain and a cough.  I was seen by the doctor yesterday and she ran a lyme disease test and a CBC, I had a fever but my ears, throat and nose looked good and my lungs were clear.  I have no relief for my cough, but advil does relieve some of my chest pain.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Fever with runny nose and soreness could be due to rhinitis (allergic or infective), sinusitis,common cold or may be URI. Runny nose is mostly due to viral infection because of our low immunity. You may need to do complete hologram, ESR,electrolytes and X-ray of face to check for sinusitis. You must go to ENT specialist to get properly diagnosed first as there is fever and cough. So, better to consult doctor.

input: Yes! My mom is 67 years old history of hypothyroid x20 years in September 2014 she became hyperthyroid, change in medication she noticed a change in her handwriting 1 week later loss of right thumb 1 week later right wrist drop digits 2,3, 4 start to appear clawed hyper reflexes right upper extremity all the above changes seemed to happen quickly over 3 weeks thyroid meds are supposively balanced she has seen a neurologist, orthopedist & now wait to have an MRI of her brain MRI C-spine clear
output: Hello. I have been through your question and understand your concern. It seems a progressive neurologic deficit. It might be temporary and the situation turning back normal. But meanwhile, with a negative spinal MRI, the next step should be cerebral MRI. Thyroid should not be responsible for these symptoms Hope this helps. Please feel free using MHC again

input: Hello, I am 35 yrs old female, I m having hard time to get going, I feel tingles in my face, my both hands, arms and my back. Also having squeeze in chest area, mainly where heterial hernia. also feels dry mouth requires drinking lot fluids. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms could be related to an electrolyte imbalance, diabetes or any other metabolic disorder. That is why I would recommend consulting with your GP for a physical exam and some tests (complete blood count, PCR, ESR, iron levels, fasting glucose, kidney and liver function tests, blood electrolytes, vitamin D levels). You should discuss with your doctor on these tests. Meanwhile, I recommend taking plenty of fluids. Kind regards, 

input: hi i have taken 4 ipills from 2nd june onwards till 2nd july and inbetween i got my periods but again i got them on 6th july which was only spotting till the 8th july and then the normal flow started and till now i have spotting ...my gynac gave me etosys mf and celin for 5 days 3 times a day to stop but its increasing my flow and then gives a relief for some time so what is this ?? and she asked to get a beta ChatDoctor test done for what reason ? im scared i hope its not aids or cancer ...
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query.Aids and cancers are the last thing to think of. There are many causes of such difficulties and most of them are benign and treatable. You should check your hormonal levels and do ultrasound of uterus and pelvis to see is there cyst or endometrial pathology. Also, you should check your coagulation factors. Usually such bleeding scan be regulated dwith hormonal therapy, so I am sure it will be possible in your case too. Wish you good health. Regards

input: Hi I have a small bump on my stomach, kind of looks like what a mosquito bite would look like, but it does not itch. I had it for one day a week ago, and than it disappeared and reappeared today. When I touch it I felt the urge to use the bathroom, what could it be?
output: Hi, Dear,Good evening. Thanks for your query to my virtual Chat Doctor Clinic. I studied your query in-depth. In My opinion-diagnosis is-Bed-bug bite / or-spider bite/or insect bite.-Urge to bathroom, may be just coincidental to its touching and I don't feel any relation is there. Still I would advise taking ER Surgeons opinion, who would treat it appropriately. Hope this would resolve your worrying query. Wellcome for more query from you. Good day.

input: how long does an i-pill take action, say i had sex with my wife on thursday the 23th of may, will the pill still be effective if we had unprotected sex after four days from the date of consumption of the first pill, if not then for how many days does the pill takes its action?
output: Hi, I have gone through your question. I pill, or the emergency contraceptive pill has its action in preventing only that pregnancy which can occur by the last intercourse episode. It does not have contraceptive effect for the next unprotected intercourse. You need to take a repeat course of I pill for this act. I would suggest you to use regular contraception, as repeated I pill intake have side effects and have increased failure rate. Hope you found the answer helpful. Wishing you good health.

input: What medication that is not in the benzo family could provide me the benefits clonopin does. My doctor won t prescribe benzos. I have taken buspar for two years for anxiety and I think it is part of why I can t seem to get well. We tried hydroxazine but it made me worse
output: Hi, You can try with ESCITALOPRAM as it has antianxiety properties which can help you think benzodiazepines are always better to regulate your sleeps discuss with your doctor regarding Tristan you

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... My 3 year old boy has just currently started not sleeping and is worried that im going to leave him, he is not going off to slepp well and it takes ages to settle him. Also he is up a lot in the night, help?
output: Hi, A common cause of sleeplessness in a healthy 3-year-old is mostly due to frequent nap in the noon or in the evening. They also have the fear that they will be left alone at night, in that scenario either of the parents should be with the child, till they go into deep sleep.  I would suggest you make the child play well in the evening and lessen the duration of sleep in the noon and avoid caffeinated Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hi. I am 19 yrs. old. I have had lots of constipation recently and really pale stools. I took antibiotics for 6 months. At the end of the summer I lost my appetite and didnt feel right. I went to the doctor and had abnormal liver numbers. I had just stopped the antibiotics. I have be diagnosed with depression since. But, Im still experiencing the digestive issues. Should i go get my numbers checked again.
output: Hi you are writing that you have used antibiotics, your symptoms seems to be related with bowel candida infection, so you should do fecal exams and after that take proper treatment.in regard to your liver panel, it may be side effect of antidepressant therapy. Talk with your doctor to change the medication. Wishing you fast recovery Chat Doctor. 

input: I have developed numbness and tingling in my finger tips. Have lower back problems as I broke my back as a teenager and have arthritis. I am on thyroid meds for Graves Disease which was treated with radioactive iodine in 2011. I also have a low immune system (low igg antibody) and have frequent infections. Should I be concerned with my new tingling sensation in my fingers and feet.
output: Hello. I have been through your question and understand your concern. Tingling in the extremities are a common feature and usually temporary and benign. Still, since you have a rich medical history I recommend you to schedule a Neurological consult and an electromyography plus a nerve conduction study to better evaluate if the tingling is a serious feature. Basically you should not worry because it is very common but still you should consider a neurological consult. Hope this helps Wish you the best health

input: hey doc,i am a 20 years old girl.i just dont know what happened to me during the last two year, my blood turned actually thick and purplish red as if it is some old blood. and now i have so many acne scars on my face and a dead skin. really worried please help
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Thickening of blood and development of acne are most probably unrelated to eacChatDoctorplete blood counts and red cell parameters are required to look for polycythemia. Polycythemia is characterized by raised red blood cells and high hemoglobin. Acne need to be managed conservatively with antibiotics and sufficient time should be given to allow the acne to heal. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,Iam kellie im 25 year old my health question is im shortness of breath, i cant really breath that well its been like this for 2 weeks now, i do have an heart murmur which ive had since i was about 12 years old, and i have had 2 depo conception injections but ive stopped them now i didnt go back for my 3rd shot which was suppose to have been 2 months ago, could u please give me some information to why im feeling like this, because i do feel very unwell. thank you for your time.
output: DEAR USER, THANKS FOR CONSULTING WITH ChatDoctorI UNDERSTAND YOUR CONCERN.HEART MURMUR USUALLY INDICATES A UNDERLYING VALVULAR HEART DISEASED EPO INJECTIONS CAN INCREASE CERTAIN HEART PROBLEMS BUT AS YOU HAVE NOT PROVIDED INFORMATION OF THE EXACT DISEASE YOU ARE SUFFERING IF YOU COULD MESSAGE ME THE DETAILS OF THE DISEASE OR CONSULT A CARDIOLOGIST FOR THE SAME HOPE I ANSWERED YOUR QUERY. YOU CAN MESSAGE ME FOR ANY FURTHER CONCERNS

input: Hi, I have been experiencing back problems for several months. It started after i got back from Drum corps which is marching band across the country fro 2 months. We have to hold our bodies differently then normal, I heard that it is common for back problems. Today it was the worst its ever been. I couldn t stand up for an hour.
output: Yes it is common .and is because of constant stretch of lower back muscles. That we call as lumbar muscle strain. It will slowly resolve .you need to avoid further injury to back muscle by not doing any activity that aggregates your pain. Consult a physiotherapist for low back exercises. You can use lumbar belt that will help in pain control and will prevent further spasm and injury. If pain is severe, causing problems with your day-to-day activities then you can take some painkillers with muscle relaxant in supervision with an orthopedic surgeon.

input: So a couple nights ago i woke up in the middle of the night and had a shooting pain in my heart i couldnt breath in, yawn, move or even stand up straight without it hurting. Iwould get this sometimes but it would only last a few secs but that night it lasted for a little more then a half hour. I am only 17 and i didnt think it was a heart attack or anything but i wasnt sure if i should go get it checked out?
output: Hello, Regarding your concern, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to musculoskeletal pain. Anxiety cannot be excluded either.  Anyway, considering your description of the pain, I would exclude any possible cardiac issues. So, there is no need to be afraid of any heart attack. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: since yesterday i am suffering from mild fever with little headache and eye burn. today i went to doc. he told it is symptom of viral fever.he prescribed following medicine 1.pulmoclox capsule 2.brucet 3.allercet can i take above medicine.is there any side effect of same
output: Hello, It is you can take them. You might feel a bit of Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I am getting loose motions with abdominal pain, please help me
output: Hello Gurkha;welcome to Chat Doctor Loose motions with pain in abdomen can be due to infection of the intestines. If you are not pregnant and if you are not allergic to any of the medicines then you can take tablet-Oflox-TZ 1 tablet 2 times a day for 3 days which is a combination of Ofloxacin and Tinidazole both antibacterial and antiprotozoal. Also since it can cause acidity and nausea you have to take antacid tablet like Zinetac-300 mg along with the other tablet. Chat Doctor. 

input: hai doctor...my 2 and half year old son had stomach pain for d past two days...yest he had temp of about 100.2...so,v gave p 250 but fever was coming back..so,gave a dose of novamox aftr whch he passed loose stools thrice in d night...again fever comes aftr every 4 hours inspit of giving p 250..now gave oflomac forte...is d medication correct?
output: Hi, It seems that he might be having stomach virus giving this problem. Continue with paracetamol for fever as and when required. Do not give Novato. You can continue with Ottoman and will be helpful if there is bacterial infection. Give him enough water. Ok and take care.

input: I hadnt notice this problem prior to today, but today i noticed a rather large mass in my scrotum (it does not appear to be attached to my testicle and is painless). Im a 17 year old boy and i have no idea as to what this is and how it got there please help me.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having indirect inguinal hernia giving rise this problem due to entering intestines or some abdominal tissues entered into scrotal space giving rise this mass. Consult surgeon and get examined. There might be possibility of having HY Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.

input: The vein over my left temple is pulsating.  No pain, but slight pressure on the edge of my left ocular cavity.  I have a history of panic attacks, and this occurs during them, but at the moment, I am not having an attack.  Could this be something other than stress?
output: Hi, Thank you for your query. I can understand your concerns. It is not a vein but an artery, more specifically, the superficial temporal artery which pulsates. It is a branch of the external carotid artery. Furthermore, it occurs in anxiety disorders. Pulses can be abnormally strong when the patient has an elevated pulse pressure.  This would result in a strong, bounding pulse that could also be asymmetric due to anatomic variation. Bounding pulse -commonly seen in hyperkinetic circulatory states where there is vasodilation and increased stroke output. The pulse volume is high (due to high pulse pressure) with increased blood flow. Hyperkinetic circulatory states may due to excitement/anxiety. Other causes of hyperkinetic circulatory states giving rise to bounding pulse are Hyperthyroidism, Severe anemia, Beri Berg (thiamine deficiency), Arterio-venous fistula (e.g. Pages disease or hepatic failure). The most rapidly rising bounding pulse is found in AR(aortic regurgitation), PDA(patent ducts arterioles), coaptation of aorta. Regards 

input: I have been very stressed out at work. Today I left work and went straight to the pharmacy and she asked me if I felt okay, I replied no, She asked me if I wanted medhelp now, I declined. She told me to take me bpin the cuffered chair. WOW. 160/100 beats @110.New goes down and better. Major headacheds and servere brian switchouts like it I just became dum. Small bumps on my top of head are hurting. Thers someht
output: Hello, The stress in the work place is itself the cause of the blood pressure and pulse being on the higher side, as any form of stress would increase the stress hormones like a Chat Doctor.  The headache in turn is because of higher blood pressure.  The best way out is some relaxation techniques, sort out the reason of stress and things should be back to normal. Regards 

input: On my way home from the gym for the past three nights I have had a horrible pain in my right side of my mouth, my teeth, upper and lower and my jaw and gums. I just went to the dentist today assuming I had a cracked tooth; and I do not. He thinks I may clench my teeth. I don t know why this is happening now and never before. It lasts about 15 minutes
output: Hi, With your query, if your dentist said it is because of clenching teeth then you might be having attrition too along with the vague pain in the jaws and usually this happens whenever you clench your teeth or in the mornings if you have this habit in the night with slight discomfort in the TMJ. So kindly check for these signs and do you have any sensitivity?

input: My MRI report says mild disc bulge noted in C3/C4 level causing compression on thecal sac. Diffuse disc bulge with small posterior disc osteophyte complex is noted at C4/C5 causing compression on thecal sac with narrowing of right neural foramen resulting in compression on exiting nerve roots on right side at this level. Same witj C5/C6 with slight narrowing of right neural foramen closely abuting exiting nerve roots
output: Hello, These MRI findings of your cervical spine are consistent with degenerative changes (spondylosis) with subsequent spinal cord and nerve roots impingement. In cases like this, a correlation between MRI findings and neurological examination is necessary to assess the correct treatment ways. I suggest you discuss with a Neurologist for these issues. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: why does my right hand shakes a lot if I exert force compared to my left arm? and why does it sweat every time I finish taking a bath? and its colder compared to other parts of my body.. it shakes occasionally and sometimes I feel theres a electricity inside it (sorry for the grammar)
output: Hello, Please get NCS (Nerve Conduction Studies) done for the right side. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi Doctor.. i am in toronto,canada.. i have running nose and sneezing for the last 6 months. it started with the last yr spring. Here everyone says its allergy and asks me to take tablet everyday. but i want a complete cure as i am planning to get pregnant. I dont wanted to take tablets everyday.. please suggest me what i should do.. i did not have any kind of allergies ever before this..
output: You can get allergy to any substance at any age at any time when it starts you have to cure it newer treatments for cure of allergy is sublingual immunotherapies allergy tests done fine allergen sand go for sublingual immunotherapy for cure you can also apply newsprint h eye ointment in nose regularly to avoid inhalation of allergens you can put seawater Chat Doctor. 

input: Despite being exhausted last night, I could feel my body pulsating rapidly and heavily while lying in bed and waiting to fall asleep. I dont have a medical history of any complications. By 2.30am, when I was at my wits end, I finally resorted to taking an anxiolytic before I finally dozed off at 3am. Please let me know if my symptoms point twards any particular condition(s). Thank you for your time and kind attention.
output: Hello, thank you for putting your trust in our site, my name is Chat Doctor. What you did experience last night is called palpitations which is a rapid hard heartbeat, and the most common cause for heart palpitations is anxiety. Other causes include; hyperthyroidism and arrhythmia, and since you don't have any other symptoms suggested for hyperthyroidism or a cardiac issue then mostly what you had is just anxiety cause you probably stressed out or overthinking about a particular issue, and you will need any treatment just avoid 

input: High I woke up last night with tigness in my left side of my chest i thought I was taking a heart attack I also have a pain in my left leg I m just wondering would that have anything to do with I m 41yrs of age and I stoped smoking 7 months ago I am on the electric cig
output: Hello, Your symptoms could be related to gastritis or gastroesophageal reflux. Anyway, I would recommend consulting with your attending physician for a physical exam and a routine check-up: - a resting ECG-complete blood count-blood electrolytes.  An exercise cardiac stress test would help to definitely exclude any possible cardiac issues. In the meantime, I recommend trying an antacid or PPI (omeprazole), before sleep.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hi, Dr. i notice the an unusual swelling on my right testicle during self examination, what i felt was never there before, i completed an ultra-sound and it revealed that in had a cyst 10*9 mm. Please explain to me the complications, treatment and worst case scenario
output: HelloThanks for query. You have been detected to have Spermatocyte (Cyst of Epididymis) on Rt side This is a benign cyst that develops due to obstruction to flow of sperms from epididymis into Va's. It is a benign cyst and harmless and never gets complicated . It is left alone, and no treatment is offered except when it gets infected. Chat Doctor. 

input: .hi doctor. my nefew is only 15 months and he has a delevery problem. actually his brain is have problem. we did c.t scan. and doctor said he can not speak all life.but on ther hand a militery doctor said he will speak after 2 years. we are very upset for him. plz tell us what we should do.
output: Hi.... I suggest you do a hearing assessment for him and if the ears are normal then go ahead with speech therapy. Many times for speech impairment the most common reason will be hearing impairment. Regards - 

input: I recently was horseback riding and the horse got too close to a tree. My leg got too close to the tree and banged it pretty hard. There is a bruise around where my leg was impacted, but the area (its slightly raised) where it scraped/hit has very little feeling in it if I lightly touch it. I have two questions: What should I do to keep doing the aching/hurting and should I be concerned about the numbness?
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! You should know that the numbness in your leg could be related to a pinched or damaged nerve in this area, probably caused by the trauma. Coming to this point, I would recommend taking ibuprofen for the pain. If the numbness persists, I recommend performing a nerve conduction study. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards, 

input: What are the first steps to getting help with my mum who has dementia and I am not coping and her GP was completely unhelpful and offering no help at all. I am 60 and have a business to run and I cant sleep. First port of call for practical help please.
output: Hi, I can understand what you might be going through. You haven't mentioned whether your mother is on any treatment as of now and what are the exact symptoms she is suffering from as of now. I would advise you to consult a neurologist first. Thorough evaluation with blood investigations, cardiac evaluation and brain scanning would be needed to determine any primary cause of dementia. She would need treatment with medicines like donepezil which will slow down her progressive cognitive decline. In addition, if she is having any behavioral symptoms, medications might be required for that too. She could also be helped by certain behavioral measures for her memory symptoms. You can discuss this with the neurologist. Hope this information was useful. Best wishes.

input: i had a culture and urine test it came out yielded moderate growth of staphylococcus Arerus and everything coli after 48 hours of incubation. please what will I use to cure it the antibiotics the gave me cured but am having re recurance
output: Hello, The best way to cure your infection is with antibiotics therapy. I can suggest Amoxicillin + ac Clavulanic/Doxycycline/Clindamycin, but you culture test shows with is more effective to use. You should take the antibiotic for 10 to 14 days and then re-control your analysis so to avoid recurrence. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I have a paranoia that i may be pregnant, I have a small lump on the lower left side of my abdomen, weight gain and im tired. I am also a college student who only gets about 7 hours of aleep a night. could I be pregnant or could it be something else?
output: Hi, Dear,thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in full details. I understood the concerns you have. By no means the lump in the lower left side of your abdomen and weight gain suggests pregnancy. I would advise you to consult ER Surgeon for opinion on left lower abdomen lump and ER Gone/Oust Doctor and ER Psychiatrist if your doctors advise you so.Don't worry and things will be right after this check up. Your doctors would rule out pregnancy and would take all due care to investigate and treat it accordingly. Hope this would help your query to satisfaction. Write excellent review and hit thanks if this reply helps you out. Welcome for any further query to Chat Doctor and to me in this regard. Have a Good Day. Chat Doctor. N.

input: Hello sir,  i m 21 yrs old and want to ask you that after urination white droplets come out from my penis, sometimes sticky, and certain times liquid. Why is that happenning so? Is that owing to the seminal vesicles as they have become filled with semen or anything other?
output: Hello White Chat Doctor. It is a common condition, and may be due to inadequate emptying, straining,overexcited state etc. You may need to evaluate for constipation. You may also be advised to release semen intermittently. This is not a serious finding, you will be fine soon. Get well soon. Take Care

input: I am patint of Hole in heart approxmately 32mm and my age is 32 year .I have made an echo in G.B.Panth and found 32 mm hole in my heart .I want to know if I would not treat this heart .Can he  effected in future .I did not feel any problems of heart from childhood.What should now I should make the surger or not .
output: Hello, Certainly it needs treatment. It can damage heart and lungs permanently and there wouldn't be any treatment for that. So you should get it treated. Treatment depends upon the location and other characters of the hole, whether surgery is needed or device closure can be done. So you discuss with cardiologist regarding the option of device closure which is minor procedure. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My daughter is 16 weeks old. A red rash has appeared under her neck and chest where they meet, and in the creases of her arms and behind knees. Could this be heat rash or a milk rash. It has been lingering for 5 days. I have been giving her oatmeal baths twice a day and putting baby oil gel on her when she gets out and blotting her dry. This seems to be only a temporary solution.
output: Hello. I just read through your question. What you describe is consistent with a heat rash. The oatmeal baths help. Moisturizing after the bath will help as well. It may take several more days, but the rash will resolve.

input: hi.i m having some problem now a days.when ever i put my hands in my pocket or place my hands somewhere for some time.my hand just gets very red at the area of pressure.whether it is a minute pressure but effect on my hand is severe,n that redish ness ends for 10 to 15 mins.could u please let me what exactly is the problem with me.what do i need to do for it.i will b very thankful to u.
output: Hi, I did review your concern and question. Redness in hands is mostly a normal finding unless you have itching/pain over it. However I would recommend you to do a CBC count with hemoglobin levels as well as Thyroid function tests. Do let me know if you have any more questions for me. Thank you. Have a healthy life ahead.

input: My Son is 15 years and he is suffering from liddle s syndrome since his birth. Now he is taking medicines regularly and he is ok. I wolud like to stop his medicine and give him a more comfortable life. Can you suggest me some good treatment in any part of the world. If you can give the contact number of doctors who are specialized in liddle s syndrome. Is there any special doctor for the syndrome (like pediatrcian for children.....). Thanks
output: Hi, Middle syn Chat Doctor.  It is happening due to the maturation of the gene, a condition called autosomal dominant disease.  The main goal of treatment is to control the high blood pressure and manage the hypokalemia.  A kidney transplant may sometimes give a permanent result, such case could be managed anywhere in metro city or world.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi I don t know but there is like a red area towards the bottom of my penis and it doesn t itch or burn or anything it s just red I wonder what would have caused it could it be to much masterbating or irritation from something what is causing it to be red around the bottom of my penis
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor Redness around penis can be due to multiple reason, but in your case it may be due to any infection because of sweating or external trauma because of masturbation. Just clean this area regularly and keep Chat Doctor.  Change your undergarment regularly. In case, it causes itching or burning, then consult a dermatologist for proper evaluation. Thanks

input: Hi, i recently had a deep dental cleaning and cannot open my mouth more than an inch. painful and it s like it s locked and i cannot eat food either. only liquids. doctor had to give me high doses of shots b/c novacain doesn t take effect. Dentist perscribed me an anti biotic and predisone and said I got acid in my muscle tissues in my mouth which apparently isn t uncommon. he said it could takes weeks before i can open my mouth. i ve never heard of anything like this before. any suggestions? YYYY@YYYY Thank you!
output: Thanks for your query. I have gone through your query. The limited or difficulty in mouth opening can be because of the trauma to the muscles while injecting local anesthesia or repeated injections, or it can be a disc displacement in the jaw joint that occurs if you had kept your mouth opened for long time during cleaning. Nothing to be panic, you can take analgesics like ibuprofen and muscle relaxants like chlorzoxazone. Give hot fomentation over the joint and muscles. I hope my answer will help you. Take care

input: Every time I have carbs (bread) at noon time, I get sleepy and fall asleep. Just had a piece of pie and the same thing happened. I have diabetes but am only on 1000mg of metformin. is sugar my problem? I assume so but what can I do other than drop any sugar from my diet including breads.? I am 77 5 10 224 lbs, 5 stents, 3 ablations, 99% of the time I am in a fib, and finally I have a pacemaker, hiatel hernia. Other than my sugar problem, I am feeling fairly good, get around fine, and am fairly energetic. Happy disposition, hard working volunteer in many community projects and boards. Too much information? :)
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor ...see carboy Chat Doctor. .it is normal feature in all and response varies person to person .you should try low glycemic index foods which cause less surge in sugar level .avoid dairy products and bakery products ...avoid heavy carboy

input: I am a 31 year old female. I am over all very healthy. For the past week, I have had a very bad cough, but no other symptom. No runny nose, sore throat...nothing. The cough is a very deep and dry cough. I have also been feeling heaviness in my chest. Yesterday, I noticed that my body began aching. Today, my body has been aching all day. I went to urgent care, they didnt do an xray, and diognosed me with bronchitis. They gave me an anitibiotic, but im concerned because, I just dont feel like myself, and I think its something more. I should also mention that I am a smoker, and I smoke about 4-6 cigarettes a day!
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you are a active smoker, possibility of bronchitis is more for your symptoms. And you are not improving because you are not taking appropriate treatment for bronchitis. Bronchitis needs inhaled treatment. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (pulmonary function test). PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You will improve with inhaled bronchodilator (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone). Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: sir, i have problem of having too much absolute esinophilia counts. and frequent sneezing problem at the early morning .maximum time waters comes in my eye .I have also pain in my sole .please guide me regarding the causes and how can i be relief from such types of problems.please also guide the foods that should be restricted......
output: Hello, Cause of eosinophilic may be idiopathic, allergic, hay fever, Chat Doctor. Treatment of eosinophilic is aimed at cause of eosinophilic. As you have mentioned you have pain in sole your eosinophilic may be due to parasitic infection. Stool examination may be red to rule out parasitic infection. If it is due to parasitic infection it can be treated by antiworm medicines.

input: Hi, I m a 30 year old female and on January 9 th I had emergency surgery for perforated diverticulitis of the cecum . They removed my cecum, ileocecal valve , and appendix, luckily I do not have a colostomy they were able to reconnect everything without any problems. I did have a general surgeon who actually specializes in vascular surgery do the procedure because he was on call. I have been experiencing some difficulty sleeping since surgery. I will doze off and wake up feeling nauseated and lightheaded with a weird vibratory sensation throughout my chest. Also when I stand up my vision goes dark for a few seconds. I am eating 4-5 small meals a day and drinking one Gatorade and about 2 bottled water a day. My urine is light yellow and I am going about 5-6 times a day. BM s daily to every other day, no diarrhea. I haven t been taking any pain meds since I left the hospital on the 12 th. I take Zantac and Prevacid once daily. It may just be anxiety from the whole experience but I m just a little concerned. Thanks for any advice.
output: Hi. I don't think it is related to surgery complication. It is procedure which can be well done by every general surgeon. It is always expected to feel some nonspecific gastrointestinal problems such as diarrhea or stomach cramps but symptoms you're saying don't seem to be serious. If you have fever associated with abdominal pain OE extensive vomiting then you should go to hospital.  For other, I suggest just to wait few more weeks. It is not so much time from surgical procedure so just be wait a bit more to see are these symptoms gonna persist. Wish you good health.

input: Hi, I ve had an under the surface lump in my neck for about 7 years now. I went to a doctor when it first appeared and he told me not to worry about it unless it got bigger, then to go back to a doctor to get tests done. So, I just figured since he didn t think it was anything to worry about it wouldn t be anything.. Anyways, I m 20 now and it has grown a significant amount since i ve seen that doctor but I didn t think anything of it until now. It s been hurting on and off for a few months now and sometimes feels like it s blocking my ability to breathe. I ve also started getting a spotanteous, tense pain the in the base of my skull at the back of my neck. As well, If I star at something for a while the object starts to shake. I ve also had a bruise on my shin for about 4 years now that just wont go away. I m not sure if any of these things are connected but if you could help me with any or all of these issues I would greatly appreciate it. I m not the type of person who really likes to go to the doctor as I feel like i m just wasteing their time.. But these things are really starting to worry me and I don t want to be worrying over nothing. Thank you so so much. Samantha
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor now, preferably a general surgeon or an ENT doctor. Medical and physical examination will be done. Diagnostics (neck ultrasound or ct-scan and a biopsy) will be requested if the lesion needs further investigation. Management (medical or surgical if indications are found) will be done accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: I am being treated for shingles...my dr gave me Valtrex...I am a 3 yr breast cancer survivor...is there anything else I can be prescribed ...it doesn t seem to be getting any better and is spreading down my arm where I had lymph node removal...thank you
output: Hello, Brivir (riverine) is an alternative treatment option for shingles but you shouldn't take such a decision yourself. Let your doctor do it for you. Unfortunately I don't have enough information to provide more specific advice... I hope I've answered your question. Please let me know if you need further assistance. Kind Chat Doctor. 

input: hello my mom is 46 year old she going through lichen planus on her skin her cholestrol is high and no diabetes here ultra sound reports were normal today and her blood reports wud be available tomorow i want to know that can i know that my mom is no suffering hepaptitis c? m very worried i wonder how am i gonna spend my night
output: Hello, Thanks for the query Chat Doctor.  Forum. Lichen plans is a different thing. Without any reports or without any symptoms, how it is possible to predict any disease. Hepatitis has different symptoms, so either upload reports or mention symptoms. Good luck. 

input: 26 yo female - 5 6 145lbs. I recently missed the bottom 2 stairs and fractured my ankle. I have been to the DR recently for an annual physical. All bloodwork/labs show normal including thyroid and hormones. The night I fell and fractured my ankle, about 5 min after the fall I got extremely hot, started sweating, and got light headed. I felt like I was going to pass out. I lost hearing except for a high pitch ringing noise. This lasted a minute or two. This was by far the most extreme version of this happening, but I have had this happen several time before. What could be the cause of my cold sweats, light headedness, and muffled hearing???
output: Hello, I would explain that your symptoms seem to be related to low blood pressure, probably caused by a physiological reaction to the pain and trauma. In my opinion, there is nothing concerning in this situation, considering the trauma you have gone through. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Wishing you good health. 

input: Im in the hospital.  2nd case of ischemic colitis in 7 months.  Ive had 2 previous heart attacks and a moderate aortic leak.  I understand the ischemic colitis is caused by lack of blood flow to the colon.  What causes the lack of blood flow?  No doctor can answer that yet.
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor Ischemic colitis is caused due to obstruction to blood flow of the colon. Cholesterol deposition in the arteries of the body lead to narrowing of the arteries. This is called atherosclerosis. Some subjects have increased tendency to atherosclerosis which depends on genetics and environmental factors. This causes narrowing of the arteries leading to stagnation of blood at these sites and subsequent formation of clots. This causes you the attacks of ischemic colitis. In you case since you have suffered from two heart attacks, I suppose you have got high propensity to atherosclerosis, may be due to genetic factors and strong family history. Treatment is blood thinners like aspirin which I suppose you are already on. Usually two blood thinners are used on recurrent attacks of ischemic colitis and even in case of previous heart attacks. So ideally you must be on two blood thinners. If despite this you have episodes of ischemic colitis you must be on higher blood thinners like warfarin. However, higher blood thinners have a potential of causing bleeding elsewhere in the body. I hope I have answered your query satisfactorily. Wishing you good healthRegards.

input: Hi, my lower belly and lower back hurt at times, mostly when I am in bed, and if I breathe in deeply they hurt worse. I feel like my tummy is tense and tight and its miserable. Keeps me from sleeping. Sometimes hurts bad when I roll over so I have to keep adjusting my sleep position . I am awake now and its still hurting the same but tends to go away during the day, come back when I lay down at night..
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to us, Are you obese ? Do you Chat Doctor? If your tummy is large increased pressure may lead to pain. You need muscle relaxant with analgesic and neurotrophic. I f you are 

input: Hi, I had unprotected sex on 23rd may, had my periods the week before which unusually lasted for a week. Been expecting my next periods since yesterday 9th June but nothing yet. Been cramping for five days now, and my tummy feels bloated, I spotted last night.. Had used p2 after I had unprotected sex as prescribed... So worried, could I be pregnant or it is just the pills side effects?
output: Hi dear it is the effect of p2.according to you, you had sex on 7-8 the day of the cycle plus you have taken p2 so its very fewer chances of becoming pregnant.to treat this pain I advise you to take tab.PCM, tab higher TH and hot water shake plus if possible bed rest.if your period gets delay by 2 weeks go for USG to confirm regarding pregnant hope this will help outranks and regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I went to the dentist a few months ago to get a retainer (the clear plastic one) and it creates big ulcers so bad that i cant put it back in. So after a few month i went back and hes letting me try again, but the ulcer has come back in the exact same spot. Is this because of the retainer?
output: Hello, Welcome Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor I have gone through your query, as you are wearing retainer and ulcer develops on same point again, yes ulcer can be due to retainer may be due to sharp edges or any sharp point on retainer causing ulcer.  Don't worry you go to dentist and get trimming of that sharp point or edge are there.  You can apply ointment McCoppin or Pans oral on ulcer twice daily for healing.  Take one capsule vitamin B complex once daily for 7 days. Hope this will help you. Wishing you good health.

input: Hello.  The past couple of weeks Ive been getting a rash on my face & neck.  It seems like stress brings it on, but Im not sure.  It was improving when I saw my Dr. then it came back, 2 different times.  The Dr. reccommended Hydrocortozone cream(over the counter) & my mom whose a nurse said I should take some benedryll to treat the problem internally.  What should I do?
output: Hi, As you have not mentioned the features of the rash, it would be difficult for me to come to a diagnosis. And also, the rash lasts more than 2 weeks, you must consult your Dermatologist to confirm the diagnosis and to initiate the treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My father was on human mixtard 30 70 insulin recently doctor prescribed novomix 30. His sugar level is remaining high after that 311 mg dl in fasting and 425mg dl in pp. What to do now i am tensed He is prescribed Xigduo Glubay Diacramor Xr 60 Pantacid dsr
output: Hi, Did your father was on anti-diabetes Chat Doctor.  Either he is not controlling his diet or some other pathology is there. I advise you to consult him with an endocrinologist as early as possible. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hello, I have a lower right back pain.  This is the third time I have had it. It comes with dark, cloudy urine. I am currently working out 6 days a week for an hour and eating well.  The last time I felt this pain was three weeks ago and it lasted 7 days.  I dont have a physician right now, for he retired last year. I dont want to get pushed around from one doctor to the next. Please help.
output: Hello, I had gone through the case and found that it might be pain of renal stone or urinary tract obstruction. So immediate go for ultrasound of Kidney urinary bladder region and urine test. After getting the correct diagnosis take proper treatment. It is curable and hope my answer will be effective for you. Thanks

input: I recently had protected sex with a female and have developed a itchy red and bumpy rash on my penis since. She did sit down on me when I had no condom on but no penetration occurred. The rash appeared that night and has gotten slightly worse but has not progressed anywhere else past my penis and scrotum until today when it seems like I have the same red bumps on my tongue that were not there before. My tongue feels sore almost like it is raw in certain spots and I have had a sore throat after giving her oral. I also have a considerable amount of plaque build up on my tongue if that s related at all.On a side note I had lamisil ultra in my medicine cabinet and the rash seems to be going away slightly from the cream. So my question is this something to worry about or is it just something fungal that should clear up on it s own?
output: Hi, It could very well be only a fungal infection. But, I would advise you to see your Dermatologist or GP who can examine you and advice you to get screened for STDs and I would advise you to start medicines for STDs. It would definitely be better to be safe than suffer the consequences if it is STD. So please your GP or Skin Specialist and let them decide. Take care, Chat Doctor. 

input: For the past 3 weeks Ive been suffering with ongoing severe derealization and I cant shake it. I wanted to know if their are any medicines that can help with this and how long does it take for them to work? I had a severe attack like this 2 1/2 years ago and was put on wellbutrin for it and the derealization went away after about 5 to 6 weeks. I went to the doctor this past tuesday and she put me on citalopram and metoporol and she said it should work much faster than wellbutrin but it hasnt worked so far and its been 4 days.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Derealization disorder is not a stand-alone disorder but dissociative symptoms of many conditions, in psychiatry and neurotic spectrum. It is also called Depersonalization-derealization disorder. Psychological counseling helps you understand why depersonalization and derealization occur, and helps you gain control over the symptoms so that they go away. Two such techniques include cognitive behavioral therapy and psychodynamic therapy. Depersonalization-derealization disorder may also improve when counseling helps with other mental health conditions, such as depression. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: respected sir i am 30 years old. my diet is healthy. i am suffering from heart palpertation from past 12 years.but from last one month i am feeling heaviness in the middle of my chest.its like acidity problem. i am jogging(not regular) 2 kilometers with out any problem. kinldy help
output: Hello, After going through your medical query I understand your concern and would like to tell you that heart palpitations can be because of deny Chat Doctor.  Kindly get a CBC, vitamin B12, thyroid profile, ECG, Echocardiography, Holder (ambulatory ECG) done and consult a physician with reports for further management. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: My lower left abdomen bubbled up really weird, alien style twice in one week during two stomach aches. About two weeks after that, I realized I had a lump there, small and I only feel it when I m laying flat. I m not sure if it s my stomach or my ovaries. It hasn t felt tender until today which is my first day of my period. Thoughts?
output: You should do an ultrasound of your abdomen

input: Hello, I was contacted by a condo building I am staying at for vacation. They told me there had been two cases of legionnares disease in the last thirteen months  I am taking my six year old grandson is there a risk? They said the werent sure if the disease was from the condos. Thank you, Tammy
output: There is a small risk, otherwise they wouldn't have mentioned it at all. Since its only been 2 cases over 13 months, and they're not even sure it's the condos, the risk is probably very, very small but not zero. You will need to decide if even a tiny risk is too great for your comfort. You and your grandson will probably be okay, but since a source has not been identified and eliminated, it might still be possible to contract the disease. Hope this answers your question.

input: Dr. i have been married 4 months before and having sex regularly. we both of us same blood group is A+ does the same blood group affect the pregnancy. or whats a good time of sex for pregnancy. Please suggest Dr. We are not doing sex in a monthly period time of MINE for 4 days. please guide us.
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Fertile period in a cycle of 28 day duration is from 10th day to 18th day. Usually ovulation happens 14 days prior to your next cycle. So difficult to predict exact day of ovulation. If you have regular cycle plan to have intercourse around day of ovulation. Your cervical mucous changes during your fertile period becoming more slippery, wet and clear - its often described as having the look and feel of uncooked egg whites - indicating ovulation. Few tips to increase conception rates:Avoiding additional lubricants during sex. Choosing a sexual position that encourages deep penetration. Leaving the penis in the vagina until it goes soft after ejaculation. After sex, you can increase your chances of conception by lying flat for half an hour after sex. Being in the healthy weight range optimize conception, your partner should ideally avoid ejaculation for 2 -3 days before your fertile period to increase his sperm count.  Hope this helps you. Regards

input: I have cvid, hypogammaglobulinemia   and level 1 wheat allergy, sweet potato, buckwheat, peanut and watermelon food allergies. I have been on sub of vivaglobin for 2 years.  How do these food allergies impact this chronic disease?  need I be concerned about celiac disease?
output: In Ayurveda, these terms are explained under Mandarin and grain. In India Ayurveda practitioners and common public use turmeric, Utah and roasted cumin seeds to get rid of these problems. GIT allergy, infection are fully managed by these simple things. Any Ayurveda doctor will explain you safety of these herbs, duration and expected results. Hope this will help you.

input: Nice to meet you!My nephew,8 months old, is now in coma for one day, before this he had pneumonia and been cured. He doesn t have fever. Except having Cereal and water, he is in sleep and in low spirit. Yesterday he was brought back to the hospital and be checked. There isn t anything wrong with him. And the today he will have a check of bone marrow aspiration for further diagnosis. I am worried about him.
output: Dear friend getting a patient with such condition brings big worry to family... But there are many conditions which lead to this problem... And extensive workup is needed to come to diagnosis... Keep faith in medicine and keep your mind strong... Get the examinations and treatment done for the benefit of the patient...

input: I am Diabitic. Last 2 weeks, I am suffering from Yeast infection on penis. There is white thin layer below foreskin and skin has become redish. I am getting burning sensation while having sex and while passing urine. I spoke to my doctor yesterday. He has recommended Fungiderm or Cansten ointment and Syscan 150 mg tablets (2 per day for first 5 days and 1 for next 5 days). I would like to get second opinion.
output: Hi. Yeast infections can be expected and are common in individuals who have been diagnosed with diabetes, and especially in those who have uncontrolled blood sugar levels. The medications prescribed should do the job, so make sure you take them religiously and also try and keep the region Chat Doctor.  Make sure you avoid sexual contact and masturbation for at least the next 3-4 weeks. Best wishes.

input: hello doctor,I have 5 month old boy baby from last 3 days he is suffering with little wet cough and running nose.for this he is on cefixime 8mg/kg/day oral suspension and now from last 2 days he pass the watery stool and today he is passing loose watery stool with green color
output: HIIT seems your child has VIRAL diarrhea following a respiratory illness. It's common at this age. Green poops are due to reduced transit time of gut in diarrhea. I would recommend an ORS properly constituted, probiotic (Eco norm or sporadic) and a zinc supplement for treatment. There is no need for antibiotics.they may sometimes aggravate the problem. Antibiotics needed only if blood or mucous on stool examination present.

input: hi i was wondering what does this result mean? the heart is in hyperdynamic state the left ventricle has moderate concentric hypertrophy. The LVEF is around 80%. The inferior wall looks hypokinetic. There is evidence of early reversal of E/A ratio. The cusps of the aortic valves are slightly bulky. The AV V max is 1.70 m/sec. There is trivial turbulence in the aortic valves. There is trivial pulmonic and trivial tricuspid insufficiency. The TRP is not raised. Both IAS and IVS look intact. There is no thrombus or vegetation. There is o.75cm pericardial effusion behind RV and at the apex of the heart.
output: Hi, This is an echo report & not an ECG report. This report broadly means that you might be having hypertension which is causing pressure on heart & causing thickening of a chamber of heart (LVH). It is also telling that one side of heart is working less than other parts(hypokinetic inferior wall), which may be because of blockage of one of the arteries of heart. Rest everything is fine. Heart pumping capacity is good(LVEF-80%). So you need further evaluation for that inferior wall hypokinesis. Thanks Chat Doctor. 

input: My 3.5 year old son had his first bite of shrimp. Some swelling and pimple like blotches have appeared on the corner of his cheek/mouth. Can this wait to see a doctor in the morning. He is not complaining or saying it bothers him at all. What should I watch for?
output: I would be concerned of an allergic reaction to shrimp, given the swelling around the mouth and blotchy skin. I would not wait to see a doctor in the morning, because allergic reactions can proceed quickly and become life-threatening. You should watch for if he should begin to have any signs of difficulty breathing, swelling of the tongue or lips, and spreading of the rash. If any of these occur, seek emergent medical attention right away.

input: Dr Sahib.           I am 60 yrs & on 27th Dec  2010, i Had a heart attack & same day DES was put in one major artery, for 3 months I was feeling very fit,But now i feek weak in walking also & from last 1 month i am feeling sore throat & thick cough .though I am taking antibiotics but no improvement.
output: Hello are 60 years old with DES after heart attack. Now you are also having cough, with thick mucus for one month, these symptoms may be due to these possibilities, these include:1 Bronchiectasis, diagnosis can be confirmed by sputum for culture and X-ray chest .2 Lung abscess .3 Tuberculosis .4 Asthmatic allergic bronchitis. Patient usually feels whistling sound with wheezing. Thick mucus may be due to post nasal discharge. In my opinion consult a primary care physician and get his opinion. Usually I advise my patient to take montelukast= albuterol, one tablet one in a day (in few cases twice in a day). Codeine +chlorampheniramine male ate cough syrup. Since these are prescription Chat Doctor. Good luck.

input: My period has been acting very abnormal lately.A week prior to bleeding I was getting severe lower abdominal cramps and I never cramp unless it is on my first day of my period but they are very bearable. My vagina was also just aching. I didn t start when I was supposed to and now my period is light but the blood coming out is clotty and jelly like and dark black. My tampon wont even absorb it. I was scared I was pregnant when I was late, but now I m not sure if I should be worried about that or not. What is going on?
output: Hi, In the current scenario, you would need a pelvic examination and a trans-vaginal sonogram to know the exact cause. Pelvic causes like pelvic inflammation and endometriosis should be considered. An urinalysis also should be performed to exclude any associated infection. Endometriosis can also give such a picture of sticky bleeding. Pregnancy is not likely with such symptoms. A pelvic antibiotic and hormonal treatment should alleviate the symptoms. Metonymic acid and dicyclomine can be taken to relieve the pain. Hope this helps.

input: hi I m in my early 50 s female and I m having outbreaks of swelling and itching on my body. I went to an allergist who told me these things just happen for no apparent reason and put me on prednisone 10mg 4 days and I m still having outbreaks of swelling and itching to my face, back of neck, arms, and stomach..... Help
output: After going through your query I suggest you to please refer to good physician. Becuse prednisolone itself cause puffiness in face and body. It also harmful to body if unnecessary taking it. As you are in your 50 you should also check your thyroid level which causes of sweeping in whole body. But this chance is less. In sever allergic condition steroid may be useful witChatDoctorbination of antiallergic. You should take an antiallergic for your problem and stop prednisolone. For other help you can refer to good physician. Hope this help you let me know. Hope for best health of yours...

input: Hi, I am 24 year old male working for a software company in Bangalore. I am working for the past one year. I had a severe back pain and also severe pain in the neck which made me to see an orthopedician. I was given some painkillers and some exercise tips to continue. I followed it for some time and could not find much improvement after stopping the painkillers. I went back to the doctor again for a better advice. He suspected something peculiar now and referred me to a pain and rehabilitation clinic. I got the diagnosis there. Do you know what it is a Computer related Injury (CRI)? This is the exact diagnosis made. After I came out of his office and walked through the road thinking what peculiar diseases are coined depending on the occupation we say and googled it next day, I was astonished to hundreds of pages opened up with this condition called Computer related Injuries.The CRI research was on for the more than 25years though the IT revolution has come up in late nineties in India.
output: HI friends, Yes. CSI is also known as Repetitive strain injuries. It is caused by recitative stress in your joints. Specially to your fine tips, wrist, elbow,shoulder, neck, eyes, and at last to your back. It occurs to those who sits constantly on computers for long hours. I am a specialized Ergonomic specialist from California. Here the companies hire us in order to safe guard their employees from RSI s and avoidance of long absence. We go to each employee and evaluate their work area, posture and give them advices and suggestions with job analysis and of course provide them exercises and notes. The employees doesn't need to run or search for a Physician or or tho. We are physiotherapist who are specialized in these areas.

input: Ihave been having these symptoms for almost a year. I get tightness in my upper chest and sometimes my neck. Every two or threes months I will have a near syncopal epsiode. Sometimes associated with a short quick walk or slow stride up a filght of stairs. I get very dizzy, sometimes tunnel vision. I usually have to set down or put my head between my legs. This is accompianied by a feeling of SOB. Although I feel like I am exchanging air at the time. The new symptom is the feeling of my heart skipping a beat. This has happen the last couple of days. I have a high family history of heart and stroke disease. I have been taking Vitoran for almost three years for high colestoral, It is now under 175 with a ratio of 3 to 5. When the symptoms started I had an EKG, stress test and stress echo. These have all been normal. I even had a heart cath, which showed a 30% narrowing of my anterior desending coronary artery and a couple of lesser narrowings in two other vessels. I take paxil (20mg) a day for depression. I have taken this for over 10 years. My job is often stressfull, but I am an even keeled non flustered individual. Everytime I go to the doctor things check out normal. I am beginning to fill like I m going crazy and am becomming increasings concerned.
output: I understand your symptoms have been troubling you now and then, but we need to know the age, what brings the relief and what your habits are. Usually your pattern symptoms arise due to heart or/and lungs being diseased, but you have reports of normalcy in EKG and Stress tests with good perfusion of heart at the beginning. If you have been taking the cholesterol lowering agents only recently and a smoker and alcoholic and not had any blood pressure monitoring in the past and BMI is around 28, it will be good to reassess heart function along with ruling cholesterol rise noted due to metabolic reasons as well. This time hence see an experienced Endocrinology as well. Hope you will have complete answer for your problem

input: Hello, I will occassionally get a lump and dark spot on the right side of my tongue . Always in the same spot it seems to last for a day or two and then go away. I can catch it by running my tongue through my teeth but it is embedded in my tongue and gives like a purple cast to that area. normally it is more of an annoyance than anything but this time it kind of hurts. I am wondering if it is a cyst or a blood clot? Do i make an appointment to go to my doctor, dentist , or just wait for it to go away?
output: Hello, Thanks for posting your query, various causes are:ailment oral piercing exposure to chemicals first step you should take when trying to get rid of unsightly black spots on the tongue is to alter your oral hygiene routine. Brush your teeth at least twice a day to help remove particles throughout the mouth that might be contributing to the dark pigmentation throughout your mouth. Be sure to gently brush the tongue or use a tongue cleaner to help remove the buildup that is turning your tongue black. Black spots on the tongue that are accompanied by other symptoms such as growths in the mouth, pain or difficulty swallowing should be checked by your doctor as soon as possible. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful Regards

input: I have a lump in armpit since last ten years and i am not sure what it is not sure which doctor to go to? From internet i got to know that it can be cancerous or due to infection or extension of breast tissue. Not sure what is it but want to get rid of it safely
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have lump in maxilla.  It can be lipoma, benign cyst or some enlarged lymph node due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma. You should consult general surgeon for that.  If needed go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Sir,my daughter facing hairfall problem since few years.Her maximum hair falls from her frontal portion, forehead became wider.She is treating with consultation of an MD,skin .primarily some results found ,but again no response with her treatment. Can you suggest what to do.Can she implant hair in her upper portin of forehead &is that scientific.
output: Hello, Perhaps she has an Chat Doctor.  I suggest you to use minoxidil solution.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: sir , i am 27 years old i have pcos problem i have taken clomid for last three months from 100gm to 200gm. with 200gm i ovulated but not able to conceive. so my doctor suggest me to do laproscopic after that she will continue with injection treatment. Is laproscopic is needed? and Is i can able to ovulate by injection itself? otherwise shall i can take clomid for one more cycle? kindly suggest me.
output: Hellothank you for writing to ChatDoctoryour doctor has given a good suggestion In cases where women are diagnosed with PCs and have not got pregnant with closed, laparoscopy will be beneficial in this condition Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi doc..I m a 20 year old male and I ve been circumcised this morning. I just wanna ask is it safe to sleep on your stomach or should I just sleep on my back?.. After reading and understanding the procedure to do after circumcision, is it okay to treat and clean your penis at home or should I just go everytime for check-ups at my nearest clinic or doctor?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Circumcision is a minor surgery. Still you need to adhere to the hygienic healthy procedure associated after surgery. For at least week you should take precaution so that there should not be any infection. For cleaning and Chat Doctor. If you still need my assistance in this regard, please use this link. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Please remember to describe the whole problem with full detail. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I was wondering, I have just noticed a lump on my temple starting. It s a not big maybe the size of a finger tip. It hurts to touch but doesn t give me a headache. When I bite down it hurts aswell. I do a lot of strenuous work but I m not sure if that would have anything to do with it or if I should see a doctor?
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. This lump is most likely a local skin infection. It may be caused by hair follicle inflammation, sebaceous cyst or any other skin problem. It has nothing to do with your work. As it is painful, pus is most likely inside. That is why I suggest you to consult general surgeon with this issue. The lump should be incised, Chat Doctor.  Please do not ignore the infection in this area as from temple to the brain is very close, and such infection can spread to the brain. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: Hi my 1yr old daugher has been having fever and cough for sometime now, her wgt is 12kgs and the blood test came up with 19000 WBC. THe doctor has prescribed Cepodem 5ml once a day. BUt has been vomiting after that and her coughing has increased. Is it safe to give her that.
output: Hi...by what you quote I feel that she is having a viral illness, and it is common for cough to get aggravated while recovering form viral illness. I do not think Code - an antibiotic-is indicated for a count of 19000. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Regards - 

input: i woke up after having a short nap in the afternoon and went to the urinal. as i started urinating i fell down fainting. within seconds i resumed and got up. this is the second time i met with such an incident. can u tell why this happened and how to avoid in future
output: Hello, It is probably the lowering of your blood pressure after you get up quickly that is causing the faint. Next time, try to sit for a couple of minutes from laying in order to avoid that. If the condition repeats after such measures, get an evaluation by your Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 32year lady sir and from 3-4years I am suffring from alergy only in summer from april to nov. sir my tlc rate is also hight . my nose is blocked every time and blowing badly , eyes also red and itching in eyes,nose,throgth and eyers. sir now I am also pregnent and last month is going on.
output: During your pregnancy you should take safe medicines. Since you might have used many allopatChatDoctoredicines as per doctors advice, now I would suggest to such of my patients to take safe Ayurveda medicines, pure herbals and non-toxic to get some relief in this recurring and chronic condition. Any Ayurveda doctor can guide you in this simple management by Ayurveda. Generally I would give to my patients Shading Oil to be instilled in both nostrils each morning. It's pungent. Initial 2 Chat Doctor. Atari Avalon (if this syrup or thin consistency Avalon available, it is better. If not then normal azalea with thick consistency is available everywhere) to be licked. Gargles with saline and little turmeric in warm water frequently. Hard

input: I have noticed this lump right at the entrance of my anus for over 4months now. I crossed examined today again and i found a slight open wound an inch inside my anus. It hurts me everytime and at time i feel light touch movement around this pain zone. Help...its killing me
output: Hi, Dear,thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in full details. I understood the concerns you have. Remedy for lump at anus with wound-High roughage/fiber Bland diet for 2 was, Seitz baths for 15 minutes daily 2 times. Anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Invite point x 10 days time. You should check with Surgeon and rule out-Fissure in ANO with Sentinel pile, from which you mostly suffer for last 4 months timeThings will resolve in 10-15 days time. If not, ER Surgeon would do needful.Don't worry and things will be right after this check up. Plz don't self-medicate and increase risks and costs of your illness. Just ask query to Chat Doctor and to me. Hope this would help your query to satisfaction. Write excellent review and hit thanks if this reply helps you out. Welcome for any further query to Chat Doctor and to me in this regard. Have a Good Day.

input: Hi i have a two year old son. I have noticed that when he is playing and is picking things up and doing finer things with his hands they shake a bit. Is there any obvious reason for this. Apart from this he is healthy walks no problem can say words numbers etc. Nothing else noticed to make me think he has any other problems.
output: Hi, tremors in a 2-year-old child can be due to infantile tremor syn Chat Doctor.  Infantile tremor syn

input: hi I had baby 4 months ago I was very tired I went to the doctor to cheam myy vitamin d and iron level she then took blood test she said  low vitamin d and low iron I am also bf  she also said my liver blood count is hgh I am woried is it some thing serious I am 28 yrs old
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  If you have low iron and it D3 then you should take their supplements.  No need to worry.  It is very common.  And you should go for complete liver function test.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I m a 23 year old girl. I have this dark dry bruises like on both front of my foot mostly on the sides. It doesn t hurt even if I touch it. I haven t been injured of anything. They just suddenly appeared. I forgot to mention I m kind of anemic since I was little. I was taking vitamins for iron back then. When I started growing up I stopped taking them. I also noticed that when I get disturb on my sleep or if I don t sleep early and stayed up late this dark dry bruises like appear. What could it be? And how should I treat it? Thank you.
output: Hi, The bruise could be due to a trivial injury, or it could be a purpura. Purpura usually arises because of vitamin C deficiency or could be due to an abnormality in blood.  So, I request you to consult your doctor to arrive at a proper diagnosis and to initiate proper treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: i am 19 years old i have a habit of masturbation which is about 3 times in two weeks but when there is a gap of more than 3 weeks when i dont do masturbation there is this craving whicChatDoctores resulting in masturbation about 5 times daily and i just dont have any control on it i fail to concentrate on studies and watch continous pornography could u please suggest me some medications so that i can get rid of this problem permanently
output: Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor. Masturbation is not harmful for health and more than 80% man and woman masturbate in some point of the time. In present situation if you are not masturbating more than 4-5 times per week than there is no problem.  If you are masturbating more even than it is not harmful, but it is better to decrease the frequency of it. There is no need for medical treatment for it in your case. Wish you all the best.  Chat Doctor. 99doctor.com

input: i have a stabbing pain the comes and goes between my shoulder blades and moves to the front of my chest causing shortness of breath and extreme tightening. It s so painful it makes me cry out in pain and I have a very high pain tolerance. It does not come at any specific time and can last from 1 or 2 minutes to 30 minutes of more. What could be the cause of this. It happens nearly on a daily basis.
output: Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I concluded that you are having pain in interscapular region which radiates towards anterior chest. It can be muscular pain, but heart related pain should be excluded by doing heart function test. Treatment of it considering it as muscular pain is analgesic such as ibuprofen for pain relief. Vitamin B and C is help in recovery. Sometimes I apply local injection triamcinolone with good results. You can discuss with your Doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then please don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: r/s sir ji my friend s father who got multiple miloma, which dignosed by a senior doc of sms jaipur then after he was given a kimotheraphy but after 24 hr of kimo he got a serious effect on his kidney . according doc s it will take normaly 2 or 3 week to get recover but there is no more improvement in his condition after completion of one week. so pl pl pl suggest me the better way regards
output: Hi there, Multiple myeloma patients are at risk of Kidney failure from multiple causes. After chemotherapy, you can have tumor lysis syn Chat Doctor.  The doctor treating is the best judge based on the clinical profile and a lot of other lab tests. As your doctor has told you wait for 2 to 3 weeks. In cases where kidney does not recover over this time kidney biopsy can be done to find out what has gone wrong.

input: im 31 about 4 years ago i had a asthma attack and then on came these irregular beats had stress test and all they said they cnt find no reason but latly they seem to get worse with short breaths, light headed, chest pain..just over all feelin yukie. they still tell me its no problem they can find but why is it gettin worse then?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should definitely rule out lung diseases like bronchitis or asthma. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system, chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test).PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis or asthma, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You may need inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone).Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: im 48 was diagnosed with mastitus dec.14. (never breastfed) was put on amox. finished my script but still having some pain (lump) been putting heating pad on it. had mammogram & sonogram how long must i suffer? does the lump ever go away (up to how long) been taking otc meds for pain if i stay soaking in a bath i feel better any suggestions/help? thanks
output: Hi, You have not mentioned the report of Mammogram on which any advice can be given. Whether the lump is due to Fibroadenoma or some soft tissues of breasts got infected. All will be cleared with Mammogram. Consult GAEC and get examined. Ok and take care.

input: My two year old son developed a fever today at church and when we got home he was complaining his eyes hurt and asked me to close all the blinds. He won t eat or drink anything and has slept 3 of the last four hours which is not normal for him in the afternoon. I m not sure exactly what his fever is because I can t find my thermometer. What do you recommend?
output: Hi dear Welcome to the ChatDoctorProbably Child has contracted seasonal viral fever. Syrup Paracetamol on 4 to 6 hourly basis @ 15 mg /kg can be given. Tepid water sponging when ever body is heated will help a lot. Hy Chat Doctor. Hope the query is answered. Thanks

input: this symptom came on very very fast,  immediate.  Very hard, swollen, large lump about the size of an egg, left side of my neck, right under my ear.  Extends from back of ear to cheek.  I am 62 years old, female, and I do have autoimmune issues- currently on Humara.   I do have sjorgrens issues at times.  Could this be a symptom of that.
output: Hello Dear Warm welcome to Chat Doctor I have evaluated your query in details. * This is salivary gland enlargement due to various reasons usually bacterial or viral infection involving upper respiratory tract.  Wishing you fine recovery. Feel free to ask any further queries. 

input: Went to Dr on Friday with pain in lower back flank area and throwing up anything I ate. They did a urine and it did show infection. Was told if got worse to go to ER. Saturday the flank pain became very severe. Went to ER where they hydrated me, gave me couple rounds of antibiotics and pain meds. Sent home that night with script for antibiotics, 2 pain meds and nausea. So now, since Sunday, flank pain hasnt been as bad as before but still hurts. But now my arms hurt and my legs hurt so bad I cant stand in one place for over a minute.
output: Hi I had gone through your query and understand your concerns. I would come up with two possibilities to fit your condition.these include1.the first one include, RENAL STONES;ultrasound scanning for PUB may confirm the diagnosis2.second possibility is, FLATULENT DYSPEPSIA;possible causes include;-eating spicy, junk food-emotional upset-unable to handle stress are some possible causes hope this is helpful for you, thank you

input: Hi I have had constant neck pain and stiffness in my neck muscle tremors all over my body back pain headaches and now bad dizziness for 18 months + now I ve seen so many doctors they have not listened till recently they x-rayed my neck and said I have a loss of lordosis in my cervical spine I see a physio she acts like she doesn t know what it is I have been now referred to a neroligest at the end of October my dizziness is getting really bad I went to doctors yesterday about my dizziness they wouldn t give me anything have I been left to long to sort it out
output: Hello! I understand your concern. In my opinion your troubles are probably due to a cervical disc problem. It may be dislocated, or it may be just degenerative changes to your cervical vertebral column. These changes explain the back pain, headaches, dizziness.  Also, the changes in your cervical x-ray can be explained by this diagnosis. I would recommend you have a cervical CT scan to visualize the discs and find out where the problem is. In the meantime you can use acetaminophen, ibuprofen or fetoprotein for the pain and avoid abrupt cervical movements. A cervical collar can help. Hope to have been helpful. Thank you for using Chat Doctor. Best wishes.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Dr. Stephen, i just took my daughter to see the dentist and she wasn t sure if my daughter has gum infection or fungus. Then we took her to her doctor. She said my daughter has gum infection an prescribed her antibiotic . Now she doesnt have fever , but it seems like the infection is spreading out and getting worse. Im thinking taking her to the emergency room. So can you give me an advise? tks a lot.
output: Hello there, poor oral hygiene and deficiency of vitamin C can cause gum inflammation at young age. It shows symptoms like redness, swelling and bleeding of gums. Viral and bacterial infection worsen the condition. At home, you can ask your daughter to rinse her mouth regularly with warm saline water, antiseptics like Betadine, chlorexidine etc. that gives soothing effect. See your dentist soon. Thorough professional ultrasonic cleaning of gums and root planing followed by a course of medicines will solve her problem. I hope that helps you, take care.

input: I have a hard lump inside my cheek around my botom jaw bone. It is usually small, but ive noticed that when i get a fever or a canker sore it swells up to the size of a pea and it becomes tender. Is this like a superficial lymph node or is it more serious?Thanks
output: What you have is most likely a sub mandibular lymph node... it usually enlarges with oral infections and settles... if persistent it may be a submandibular gland in which case it will need further evaluation

input: My lower right leg is swollen,with fluid like feelin.when I press on it the fluid like feelin moves down and you can actually see it and then my skin has my finger indention in it for several minutes. But I can move whatever it is. Went to Er they checked for blood clots and found nothing.can u please help.
output: What you describe is pitting edema, and can be caused excessive fluid in your body which you can get with heart failure, or kidney failure, although I would expect it to be on both legs. My advice is to get a proper examination by a physician for general complete health assessment. I hope that answers your question.

input: My father had a stroke 4 months back. He is hypertensive is on medication now which includes antihypertensive drugs, atorvastatin, glycerol and asprin. He has recently developed lumps below the nipples in chest. They are painless ,Is it a side effect of any medicne or the result of walk and excersise he is doing during the rehabilitation.
output: Hi, Dear,Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your problem in depth and I understood your concerns. Causes for lump below nipples in chest-Cause is related with Atorvastatin with which breast glandular tissue develops in males and is known side effect. This lump is not related with exercises done for rehabilitation. So please consult ER Physician. This advice is based on the facts from the history you give and needs further clinical check. So don't build up wrong concepts and create more psychic complications in you which would increase risks and costs to you, but just ask a query to Chat Doctor and be comfortable to resolve your health issues. Welcome for any more query in this regard to Chat Doctor. Write good resume and Click thanks if you feel satisfied with my advice. Have a Good Day. Chat Doctor. N.

input: I had my period on 24th June 2011. Only I could sense my ovulation by 12th July(I had some white stuffs coming out of vagina). Is it correct that my ovulation is on 12th July? I am desperately want to be pregnant by this time. We are having sex daily for last 3 months. I took letrozole from 4thday to 8th day . till yesterday I had sex with my husband. Will I get pregnant for sure? Pls advise.
output: Hellos you mentioned that you are trying for conception, and you are trying everyday sex for getting pregnant. Now you have ovulation on 11th or 12th July. And you want to conceive this month. As per Ayurveda infertility ... daily sex causes for low sperm count, In classical method described in Ayurveda that have to follow braChatDoctorharya for three months when you want to conceive. So, that it is advisable that have to sex at before days and that day of ovulation. But have to avoid daily sex for trying of conception.

input: I have heart palipitations and an increased heart rate at night once I lay down to go to sleep.  They happen throughout the night and even wake me from sleep.  Do you any idea what could be causing this?  Heart desease does not run in my family and Ive never really had heart issues.
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I understand your concern and would explain that your symptoms may be related to anxiety or autonomic dysfunction related to nightmares. Coming to this point, I would recommend performing a careful physical examination and some tests:-resting ECG and cardiac ultrasound-chest X-ray study-blood lab tests (complete blood count, thyroid hormone levels, blood electrolytes, kidney and liver function tests, etc.) to exclude other causes of increased heart rate. An ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring would be necessary to examine your heart rhythm trends during day and night and exclude possible cardiac arrhythmia. You should discuss on the above issues with your attending physician. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best regards!

input: Hello! I am an 17 year old athlete. I have a fever for atleast 1 week. I rested for 3 days. the following day i went back in our training. Then suddenly I easily get tired and became weak easily. Isn t all the hardwork was gone? Can you please help me to get back with strength and conditioning? or do i need to rest more days to recover? I hope you ll reply to this simple question.
output: hereafter a weeks fever and bed rest, another convalescence week has to be considered by your doctor and gradual work-outs should be done after attaining routine activity in over a weeks time. Take plenty of fruit juices, bananas, high glucose Chat Doctor. You will recover back. Thanks

input: Hello, about a year ago, I bit a small part of my upper lip. It usually shouldnt be a problem because it heals and closes, but in my case its not doing that. Every 3-4 days, a new layer of skin forms, and starts pealing, and eventually peels off completely. After another 3-4 days a new skin layer forms again, then start peeling, and goes away completely also. This has been going on for 1 year, there is no bleeding associated with it, but this wound just won`t heal and close, and a new skin layer forms and peals every 3-4 days. I tried using every medical lip stick I know off and all sort of things but they are not working. What is the solution?
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. Lip bite is very common kind of thing and there is no need to be panic about it. The area will take around week to heal but as you having recurrence It's due to frequent licking of your lips which leads to formation of cracks in skin and eventually fungal infection there.  It could be due to riboflavin deficiency as well. I would suggest you to :-- Maintain proper oral hygiene.- Do HY Chat Doctor.  Mix HY

input: Its been 4 days since i did a filling in the upper back tooth (chewing) and ive waken up with headaches on thee right side of my head(which has the filling) and sometimes earache , my mum says its not from the tooth as before i did the permenant filling i did temporary filling and took x rays to make sure my nerves are okay  ,is what im going through normal ? and no i havent taken any antibiotics .
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. That pain and headache could be because of infection. Please consult your dentist. He may take an X-ray film to confirm the same. Continue to ask further queries as required. Hope this helps. Take care. Chat Doctor. D.(Pediatrics)Associate Professor of Pediatrics

input: I had a boil under my left arm and it had bust well I Han notice it had a red rash around it and seen a doc over it and she said it was a yest infection well its been over two weeks and it s still there now it hurts to raise my arm up and a very bad smell is coming out of it and a thick sticky puss is coming out on one side and a clear fluid out on the other what is jt
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having infected Sebaceous cyst giving this problem. Consult surgeon and get examined. You might require excision of cyst with removal of sac. Ok and take care,

input: hi please tell me about the relation between Ambezim &Local Anaesthesia in dental health care
output: Hi Zambezi is just a combination of trypsin and chymotrypsin enzymes which is administered orally to reduce the intensity of inflammation, decrease pain, decreasing edema & favor the penetration of antibacterial agents in the affected areas. Till date, there's no relation between local anesthesia and Zambezi. With regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, My husband has had bronchitis for four weeks, he has had three different prescriptions and strong puffers. Any exsertion causes him to break out in very wet cold sweats. He has not coughed up any phelm in the four weeks and does not seem any better than four weeks ago. He also feels a heaviness around his heart is all this normal with bronchitis? Thank you!
output: Hey stairwell this kind of symptoms due to coughing mostly. Which ultimately leads to this situation. When it will correct symptoms will go off. Rest you can get done EKG to rule out cardiac cause.

input: Good day! I am 53 years old female.I dont drink wine  and I am very much careful with my diet. My SGPT is 60, normal is 36 and my SGOT is 51.1. normal is 34.What should I do to normalized this problem? I accept that i am lack of exercises  and sometimes stressfu. Please help me.
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. These are only slightly elevated got and Sept, so you should not worry. It may stabilize on its own or some minor lifestyle changes should be done from your side. You should avoid alcohol and regulate blood sugar and body weight. Also, Sylvain supplement should be taken. If there instill elevation of liver markers then the next step is to look for certain liver damage such as viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, medications, alcohol intake or autoimmune diseases. To verify exact cause, US, bilirubin levels and tumor markers should be additional done then-Then appropriate treatment can be started. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.

input: my husband has widespread bone cancer and is in pain, he is allergic to all the pain meds he has ever tried such as dilaudid, oxycodone,percocet, ibuprofen. all of cause a bad headache and n/v. is the same ingredient in all these meds so that we will know what it is he cannot take. we still have not found any pain meds he can take to get any relief
output: There are a few options available for ameliorating your husbands pain. Firstly, you can try opioids like morphine tablets. These can be taken from a dose of 5 mg thrice daily to 30 mg thrice daily. There is a fentanyl patch available that you can stick on any non-hairy area of the body, and it will relieve pain for 3 days when it needs to be changed. Start with a 25 mg dose and if required move to a 50 mg dose. Also, bone cancer pain can be decreased with In Role Chat Doctor.  Lastly, giving short course radiotherapy to the painful area will decrease the pain and chance of fracture.

input: Umm hey. I have lower back pains like near my butt crack sorry for the language and I have like a bump. It s hard shaped like an oval. Not a spider bite or insect bite. But it hurts to walk to stand sitting down is almost impossible I can t put any pressure on it. Even when I lay on my stomach it hurts. And I have no idea what this bump could be. I didn t fall of anything so I have no clue.. Please help
output: Hard swelling over lower back or sacral area with severe pain that get aggravated by even slight touch and movement is suggestive of some infection. Most commonly its infection of hair follicles. That we call folliculitis. This can be managed by topical application of some antibiotics ointment and if severe you may need to take oral antibiotics. If it is not subsiding you should consult a dermatologist.

input: In the process of diagnosing a rotator cuff tear, a large lipoma was found in my shoulder. The MRI describes it as 10.9 x 6.1 x5.5 cm intramuscular atypical lipoma Could it be cancer? Can a doctor remove the the lipoma and do rotator cuff repair at one time? Any suggestions of doctors in Phoenix az?
output: Lipomas are not cancer. It is just collection of fat tissue. The decision to operate on lipoma depends on many factors. Usually lipomas are not harmful, and they require removal if they are causing mechanical problems only. Yes, both surgeries can be done at the same time. Again it is finally the treating doctor who decides what to do after seeing the patients condition.

input: Hi im a 36 year old male. I have suffered from mouth ulcers my whole life. I have always been able to keep them under controll until recently. The past two years i have had ulcers all the time. Sometimes ten to fifteen at a time. I have had them even in my throat.  I have not had a break from them in so long i mentally cant take it anymore..Any suggestions?
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, Read your query, as you have mouth ulcers frequently this is known as Recurrent Authors dermatitis or Recurrent Authors ulcers don't worry see what happened is this ulceration is due to some reasons it can be due to Stress and anxiety related, Nutritional deficiency, vitamin B deficiency, Chat Doctor. Hope this will help you. Wishing you good health. Regards, 

input: Hi Dr Age: 36 Gender: Male Constant feeling of urination after abusive, lengthy masturbation and persistent mild burning in male urethea. Any nerve/tissue damage? I am having a sensation of constant/always urination; with a weired kind of burning senation in peline urethera and penile head. This situtation occurs after i did abusive/lengthy masturbation 10 MONTHS ago. After masterbation or having intercource with my wife it used to come for only 2 - 3 hours and after sleep in the morning used to feel alright. But due to a lenghty/abusing masterbation session 10 MONTHS ago feeling of urination have become constant and not going away The following test are done so far. 1. Urine Culture - All Normal. 2. Renal Ultrasound - All Normal (prostate size is normal about 24) 3. CBC - All Nomral. (Dr Says very slight Iron Deficiency Anemia; dr put me on iron tablets for a month) 4. LFT - All Normal. 5. Diabetic - Normal 5. Vitamin D - I am deficient (Dr put me on tablets for a month) 6. Vitamin B - Before the onset of these symptoms i was deficient in vtamin B and had few injections of cynacoblamin were given. All the doctors are clue less as of now; these symptoms are really really killing me everyday. I have seen a few urologists with the following diagnosis and treatment but with no relief. 1. A urologist diagnosed it as non-specific non-inflammatory prostatitis and put me on Cipro for 4 weeks but to no avail after that he put me on levofloxacin for a week with no relief at all. 2. Another urologist marked it as NSU and put me on numbing jell and a tablet which turns your urine dark yellow for 5 days with no avail. I also took a TCA Tofranil (Imipramine) for about 2 weeks for no avail at all. After being exhaused from thease treatments i have also tried alternative treatments as follows. 1. Homeopathic for 2 months with no avail. 2. TCM (Traditional chinese medicines for few months with no avail) As I am running out of ideas may be the following can be considered. 1. parasitic infection. 2. Pudendal nerve entrpement or perinal nerve pinching etc. Dorsal nerve etc. Or any other nerve disorder. 3. IC 4. MS Please help me to get rid of these annoying symptoms.
output: HelloThanks for query. Based on the facts that you have narrated you have a long-standing history of pain in urethra and constant sensation to pass urine which followed after prolonged abusive masturbation which has not responded to treatment with multiple antibiotics and none of the various relevant test are conclusive as regards the diagnosis and cause of your symptoms. In view of all these symptoms started after prolonged abusive masturbation I think the prolonged masturbation has caused trivial damage to urethra resulting to form a scarring and flimsy stricture of urethra. I would suggest you to consult your urologist again and explore need for doing endoscopic examination of urethral passage (Ureteroscopy). This procedure of visualization of urethral passage directly perhaps may help to diagnose the precise cause for your symptoms. Further treatment will be decided by him on final diagnosis. There is no possibility of pinching of any nerve as it never happens in reality. Chat Doctor. 

input: There is a hard lump behind my 5 month old baby s ear. It has been there for 3 or 4 months. The doctor didn t say much about it and didn t seem to worry; however, it is still there. It is not associated with a fever and does not seem to bother him. It has not changed size, is smooth, and round. It is between the size of a pea or a small bean.
output: Hi Dear Welcome to the Chat Doctor, Enlarged posterior auricular lymph nodes are usually caused by some infection/infestation of scalp and hairs. Nothing much to worry. Ketoconzole shampoo twice-weekly will help in reducing these enlarged lymph nodes. If the hairs are infested with LICE then they also can be eradicated with permethrin lotion. Hope the query is answered, thanks

input: I have been diagnosed yet again with another UTI with Klebsiella being the bug that is always found in my urine. The dr says it is not caught from my partner but every time I have sex with him I am back to the Drs again complaining of the same symptoms. Sometimes the urine samples show nothing but most of the time it does. Why is it that I no sooner get rid of the infection then have sex and the infection starts all over again. I m beginning to wonder if my partner is the cause of all of this. Never ever had this issue before with any other partner. I m in my 40 s and have been with my partner for 2 years and am completely monogamous (never have numerous partners). I m so over this please help me
output: Hello, Klebsiella is mostly and primarily found in not immunocompetent individuals, usually in hospital settings and cause the so-called hospital-acquired infections (HAI). They could cause opportunistic urinary tract infections, pneumonia and other respiratory infections, bacteremia, infection of surgical wounds, etcetera. In diabetics, people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etcetera. Due to their particular structure, Klebsiella species are naturally resistant to penicillin-type antibiotics, some Aminoglycosides (Gentamicin, Kanamycin, Streptomycin, etcetera.). Often their treatment is possible only through the use of Carbapenems and Fluoroquinolones (Ciprofloxacin, Levofloxacin, etcetera.). Klebsiella is considered part of the normal flora in various parts of intestine and colon. Recent studies have reported that recurrent Klebsiella urinary tract infections are caused by persistent Klebsiella found in the urinary tract even after appropriate antibiotic treatment and all persons with recurrent infections were elderly and diabetics. Recurrent strains of Klebsiella also had increased adhesion and invasiveness compared to colonization strains (those causing infection for the first time) and this might explain their tendency to cause repeated infections. Now, it is known that frequent sexual intercourse is the strongest risk factor for recurrent urinary tract infections in healthy women, and it is why your disease comes back each time you have sex with your partner. The fact that the disease comes back after you have sex with your partner puts in high risk of future urinary tract infections. In your case the following measures could be of benefit: 1. Continuous antibiotic prophylaxis for six months, by using low doses of the antibiotic that is more effective in your case. You have to consult with your doctor about which antibiotic you will use and for how long.2. Post-coital therapy, by applying a single dose of the most effective antibiotic each time after having sex. You again have to consult with your doctor about the dose and type of antibiotic. 3. Apply the so-called post-coital voiding that is: urinating immediately after sex.4. You should maintain high genital hygiene as it could help as well. It is also important that you have a thorough evaluation by radiological examinations in order to rule out abnormalities of the urinary tract (anatomical or functional) that could boost infection recurrence. Lastly, Klebsiella is not transmitted sexually, thus clearly your partner has nothing to do with your recurrent infections. But, during each intercourse, it is easier for the bacteria to get contact with your urinary tract (remember that Klebsiella is a normal part of intestinal tract and colon). Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hello doctor, am 26 years old lady. I underwent Potts Spine Surgery on the 3rd of August. I was taking Akt4 and from last week I started taking Rcinex 600 and Combutol 1000 along with Meconerv Plus. I wish to know if I can go for pregnancy from next month. I am a newly married and I really love to have a child. Please advise
output: Howell come to the ChatDoctorI really understand your concern and I would like to say you that unless you finished the course of anti-tubercular Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello doctor. I have been havin a toothache since few days. I ws told few months back that the tooth needed a root canal. A temporary coverin ws done but within days it came off and exposed tooth since then. I ws advised meftal - forte tablets to take for pain by a chemist. Please advice ASAP if i should take to subside the pain for now. Within 2 or 3 days i would be visiting a good dentist. Thank you!
output: Hello, I am glad to assist you. The temporary filling placed would be expected to wear away if only placed to cover the tooth while expecting you to return for a root canal therapy. The filling needs to be removed to enter the center of the tooth and clean out the canals to complete the root canal. You will have a temporary filling until the canals are sealed, and you can plan restorative treatment with your dentist. An antibiotic such as Amoxicillin may be necessary if pain and swelling is present. This will help control the spread of inflammation from the infected tooth. I usually recommend taking a combination of two Advil and two extra strength Tylenol to control a more severe pain until you are able to visit the dentist again. Thank you for your inquiry. I hope you will feel relief soon.

input: Our daughter is 26 months and we gave her 2.5ml of Emeset 2mg/5ml today afternoon and evening on prescription. She vomited immediately in the evening and we have given her another dose. She had light bland food and ORS. But now at night she is feeling nausea again. Can we give another dose? Thank you.
output: Hi, In fact any medication which is vomited within 10 to 15 minutes can be repeated. But this particular medication is not something which need to be used regularly, and please give it only if there is vomiting. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I had meniscus repair surgery in my right knee 10 days ago, and have noticed a red rash on the leg that I had surgery on.   Very itchy, and runs from the middle of my shin up to mid thigh.  Is this something I should be worried about or is this a normal reaction?
output: Hi, The rash may be due to a variety of causes and could be related to the surgery done. You could take antihistamine tablets for symptomatic relief. But the ideal option is to visit your operating surgeon and to notify about the rash. He would refer you to a Dermatologist if necessary. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I ve got pain from my shoulder to my foot all down the right side Back aches Tearing feeling at top of buttock Outside of leg always feels tight Foot aches along the last two toes under sole Knee sometime aches Outside muscle on knee is growing People have noticed me limping Has been ongoing for a while but getting worse any help would be good thanks Donald
output: U have a query that is bizarre in its nature although thank you for your question. U have pain in multiple sites of your body on the right side as u mentioned. But even if these painful sites have occurred at the same time, it is not necessary that these are related. I would advise u a Chat Doctor.  For example pain in your sole and last two toes can be related to faulty/badly crafted footwear and so on. Take care. Some amount of rest, physio and pain relievers may help.

input: I moved several rooms of furniture and emptied all closest, carrying heavy totes. In the middle of the after I woke with abdominal pain in my lower abdomin. Upon rising, each step was painful, my belly is swollen, I have bouts of nausea. I have runny stool every day due to no gallbladder and hiatal hernia repair (I know, I can make that better with diet) but that doesn t hurt. This hurts. I just feel bad and sick.
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having heavy strain of abdominal recto muscles producing spasm giving this problem. Take rest for 2-3 days. Take analgesic, muscle relaxant medicines for 2-3 days. Apply hot pack on the part. Ok and take care.

input: After eating ham and cabbage 2 nights ago, i got this really bad pain in my chest, right side. It wont go away. It hurts more as I move my head different ways.  It hurts really bad when I sneese or cough, now swallowing. Is it gas, and how can I relieve it.
output: Hi. I can understand your concern. If the chest pain is disturbing your routine activity then get a chest x-ray done to rule out any lung infection, or it could be just a muscle pull. Do not lift heavy weightsPossibility of musculoskeletal pain is more. Ibuprofen is anti-inflammatory. You will definitely improve witChatDoctorbination of painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Also apply warm water pad on affected areas. Avoid movements causing pain. Don't worry, you will be alright in 1-2 weeks. But better to first rule out lung infection.Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: What is causing me to keep bumps with puss all over the back of my head? Different shampoos seem to make it more irritating than others. I have tried all kinds of things and have been to two skin doctors and nothing works, but the nail fungus pill medicine?
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having scalp infection giving this problem. This can be folliculitis, yeast infection, sebohrric dermatitis, Dan Chat Doctor. Consult dermatologist and discuss this. After finding the cause go for treatment accordingly. If there is fungal infection in nail, this can be yeast infection in the scalp. Go for one oral course of antifungal medicine like Fluconazole 150 mg once in a week for 4 weeks. Take head bath daily with plane warm water. Avoid using shampoos, conditioners. Ok and take care.

input: I have recently noticed a bump looks like half of an egg size mainly on my left side but it is also on my right. It is located in the space of where the collarbone and neck meet. It is more defined if I shrug my shoulders up like when brushing teeth . It is not painful, rather soft, but getting larger. I recently was told I have a tumur on my thyroid right size golf ball size which is getting removed in a week or so. I just really concerned about these new bumps now, last year I had a nerve shealth tumor removed of spine that I was told was non cancerous. The FNA I had on the thyroid tumor also suggested non cancerous. I have an ultrasound scheduled for new bumps but I m getting sick to my stomach stressing about it. Can you give me any insight as to what you may believe it is? Thank you, 42 yr old Marine
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor I am Chat Doctor So, you have cervical and probably left supraclavicular lymphadenopathy.  Now, to be frank, on left side both cancerous and non-cancerous cause. Which include infectious conditions along with some carcinomas.  You did not mention what type of thyroid lesion you have.  Now, first you have to do FNAC from those lymph nodes. It must. If it becomes noncontributory then surgical biopsy needed.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here.... Yes i woke up this morning with a terrible lump feeling in my throat, it comes up woth this very indescent taste and it feels as if i jeed to vomit but i simply cant, i tried to induce it but no dice. What do you think?
output: Hi, Dear thanks for the query to Chat Doctor virtual clinic. I studied your query in full details updated from you. I understood your health concernsBased on your query data, In my opinion, Dear You seem to suffer from HERD with Globes pharynges (of the Constrictor pharynges muscle) feeling due to the Acid reflux causing esophagitis or pharyngitis. Remedy is by Proton -Risperidone combo Chat Doctor. Cause of acid reflux needs to be investigated and treated in such cases. Team of GP and Ent-Surgeondoctor would be needed to treat your health issue. Hope this reply would help you to evaluate your case and treat it with your doctors in time to come. Hope this would resolve your query and worry and Anxiety accompanied by it. Welcome for any further query in this regard to ME. I would love to help you out.Awaiting any further query. Wish you fast recovery from this intriguing health problem. Have a Good Day.

input: Hey I was jumping on a trampoline and I was jumping and tried to do a backflip and landed on my knees. And my lower/middle back (lumbar I think its called?) like crunched. It was like my lower back went forward and my upper snapped back and it still hurts in my middle back. I dont know if its serious its just sort of soreness. What do you suggest I do?
output: Hello dear, Thank you for sharing your concerns in this website. I understand you are worried, but I would suggest you to calm down and follow these step sim explaining below:It's obvious you have done a muscular straining and probably spinal ligaments straining since you have done an acrobatic movement that has passed your limits. So first I would suggest you to use:- Fetoprotein gel to your affected area of your back to kill the pain and inflammation- Oral painkillers such as ibuprofen of diclofenac if you have severe pain.- Cold compresses first and Warm compresses if more than one day have passed from the injury. Try to reduce the movements of your back and lumbar area for a while of time. If you perform these steps and still you have not any improvement then consult an orthopedist to do further examinations. I hope you will get relief soon. Take care and I wish all the best! Chat Doctor. 

input: My partner is 3 months through his treatment for Gordonia Renal TB. The night sweats have more or less stopped and it seems reasonable to assume there isnt much he can do about the severe tiredness except rest but is there any pain relief he could take for the pain he is experiencing on the right side of his kidney area (where he has 6 cysts) hip and pelvic area. He said it is like being kicked. Thank you Natasha
output: Hello dear, welcome to Ask a doctor service. I reviewed your query and here is advised. He can take Tuscan or spasmed for pain derived from kidneys. Hope I have answered the question. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi I have a little dot quarter way up my spine from the bottom that has developed a lump and bruising around it I have been to the doctors two weeks ago and he said it might be something torn and give me cream but not the pain is spreading up my spine and when I bend or touch it it winds me thnks
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! Regarding your concern, you should know that your symptoms could be related to an infection. For this reason, I recommend consulting again with your doctor for a physical exam. An X-ray study in this region is also necessary. A spine MRI in this region would help examine better the soft tissues and the spine in this region and exclude any deeper disorder, which can not be seen during physical exam. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: im female,age21,with 5.2 height & 41 kg weight, i had a 1 month 10 days pregnancy..to abort i hav taken "Khushi mt kit " MT pills after suggestion of a Medical Store Friend ,, before 15 hours..my stomoch is paining much ,but its not bleed yet .. wat to do now? any other things to do>
output: Have you taken the kit properly? You can repeat mistrust 2 tablets. If even then no bleeding go for surgical method for termination.

input: I am having swelling and pain in my legs, ankles, feet and hands. Sometimes, the pain is so bad in my feet, I start limping. My legs and feet burn. I have a bulge on my right leg and feels as if it is full of fluid. MRI s and ultrasounds show nothing. What type of doctor should I see?
output: Dear Sir/Madam have gone through your query and read your symptoms. In my opinion, you need to consult a Rheumatologist, and get investigated for arthritis. I hope that answers your query. If you want any more clarification, contact me back.

input: I have heavy pain in My upper left quadrant right beneath my ribs. When I stand up or walk it feels like I amCarrying a cannonball on my left side. It also is painful to the touch. I have had a colonoscopy, a ct scan, a gastrin testand a test for parasites. My doctor cannot find any cause for my pain. I have to take Imodium or I have diarrhea 24  /7.Do you have any clue as to what is wrong? They are suggesting I see a surgeon for exploratory surgery.
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorIn such cases when nothing's come out in investigation as long as the abdomen cavity is concern the next strategy would be exploration of abdomen in this the surgeon can see the pathology or try to find it out in different areas of viscera, but most of the time abnormality does not decked if it would have there then it might have been decked in Ct scan, If I would be your doctor then I would definitely suggest you for MRI scan this would give the same result as you will get after the exploration, it may not be anything danger just keep your steps level low and try Omeprazole with domperidom for six weeks will get good relief, have nice day.

input: I have bipolar disorder - i experience paranoia, racing thoughts, insomnia, extreme depression, hypomania, irritability, agitation, extreme aggression, and violence. i was given Geodon, Effexor, and Trazadone, this seems excessive. then i was told to just take Geodon alone. as a child, Ritalin was the only thing that helped my racing thoughts. i have a history of incarceration in solitary confinement.
output: Dearbipolar disorder is episodic illness with episodes of either depression or mania. We need to carefully assess the polarity of your illness and decide treatment plan accordingly.  U need a mood stabilizer if u have long history of bipolar to prevent relapse. I need your lifetime history and detail current symptoms to reach at adequate diagnosis. And plan accordingly Regards

input: Hi i am 39 weeks pregnant and last night i had chills and shaking i wore lots of clothes but i felt cold when i get up for bathroom now i am worried because i fell my baby move less than usual from this morning could you please tell me why that happen ?
output: Hi there,At 39 weeks you are almost full term. You need to get checked by an obstetrician immediately for these child and the decreased fetal movement. Any fever or infection at this stage cannot be taken lightly and needs to be evaluated. You need to measure your temperature 4 hourly. Also do you have any complains loss of fluid, or breaking of membranes? It is a possibility that you have ruptured your membranes and are going into labor. But if you have chills and decreased fetal movement, any womb infection called chorioamnionitis needs to be ruled out.Also, you need to get an ultrasound and fetal heart tracing done to check for fetal well-being. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: My son is 6yrs old and his voice in the morning is not clear its like a whisper when he talks, during the day its a bit better but still not loud and clear .When he laughs the laughter is almost lost whats the issue with him? My son has an alergy which is manifested in the eyes, he is 25kg no other medical issues.
output: Hello. I just read through your question. This could be an effective of his allergy symptoms. Alternatively, this could be reflux. I recommend discussing with your doctor and perhaps being evaluated by a gastrointestinal doctor.

input: My daughter is 15 months old. She fell about an hour ago on her fisher price house and hit right at her cheek bone and ear. She cried for about a minute, we put ice on it and watched her. There is just a little swelling where she hit. Her balance seems to be fine and she is acting normal. She didn t drink all of her milk before bed, but not sure if this is related. Is her fall cause for concern?
output: Holloway to look for in a head injury:Call the doctor if your child is an infant; has lost consciousness, even momentarily; or if a child of any age has any of these symptoms:~won't stop crying~complains of head and neck pain~vomits repeatedly~difficult to awaken~becomes difficult to console~isn't walking normally in your case its seems to be an external head in jury not internal. So i don't think there is a reason to panic. Just watch your child for any symptoms. Hope this answer helps. Regards

input: i took a single dose of azithromycin on thursday 12/13/12 and had nausea afterwards but then was pretty much symptom free. on Saturday the 15th i began to spotting, but not regular spotting. its a darker thicker blood. i can t find anywhere that says this is a common symptom. should i be worried or is this normal?
output: Hello, Azithromycin is an antibiotic and like all the medication has side effects. One of them is vaginal discharge.  If this symptom has occurred for the first time and doesn't repeat any more there is nothing to worry about. If spot is going to happen again you have to make an appointment with your gynecologist.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My 17 yo nephew has admitted to drinking a couple gulps of my Paul Mitchell liquid hairspray after I smelled the distinctive watermelon scent. His aim was to get high (obviously before I strangle him) he claims he indeed buzzed and feels like he has sever heartburn. What to do? Thank you!
output: He is having gastroesophageal reflux disease HERD. I would advise him to take Tab Pan 40 and syrup Genus 1 SF three times a day for 10 days. This will relieve the symptom. Get a physician opinion as well.

input: hello doctor. Iam a ectodermal Dysplasia patient.I am 26 now.I have been experiencing severe hair loss and i have gone bald. My doctor prescribed me Manexil gel 5% along with Finpecia and trichoton tablets. Initially i had good results but now my hair loss has got aggrevated. so when i consulted him he has given me trigaine solution along with same set of tablets.I would like to have your considered opinion in this regard
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorIf you are a male patient then this could be Male Patron Baldness, and there is no cure for this, you need to continue the medicine that you are using right now, may not give promising result, hope this information helps, take care.

input: My son was given benztropine 2mg for bipolar and for hallucinating he was also given olanzapane 5 mg. My issue is the benztropine 2mg that is for treating Parkinson s, why was he prescribed something for muscle spasm and other things that doesn t pertain to his condition? I m sure I must be missing something, I m not a doctor......lol Please help!
output: HelloSometimes olanzapine can cause Parkinson like symptoms as side effects. So Genotropin is given to control it. Hope this answers your query. Thanks

input: Ok. I feel silly asking but my left armpit feels a little achy and if you follow around the arm up the front to the top of my breast (near the shoulder ) that area is a little achy and feels just lumpy and puffy. I should also tell that I pick up my 21 month old granddaughter and primarily carry her using the same arm (left side). The pain isn t severe or anything; mostly annoying and now that I m thinking about it (and concerned of cancer of course) I m much more aware of it. I ve had it for several weeks. What do you think?
output: Hi cat dog, The ache which you must be a muscular pain due to sprain or strain. Must get settled with shoulder rest, physiotherapy and analgesics. Since you already have a 21-month-old granddaughter it is time for you to have a mammogram and ultrasound done to screen for any cancer in breast in both sides. All the best.  

input: My boyfriends blood sugar on a good day is normally between 70-80. Sometimes after eating a large meal or one high in carbs it will spike up to 100 or more. He becomes very disoriented ,lightheaded, slurs his words and is very shakey. Sometimes it takes a few hours to get back to his NORMAL in the 70s. His doctors say that he isnt diabetic. They never see the spike and wont listen to him. What do you think the problem could be and what should we do to make them listen. He is a former combat medic and EMT. His doctors are at the VA clinic and they instantly discount him because it is always so low when he goes in for a check up.
output: Hi, As you have mentioned Blood sugar levels of your boyfriend, all Blood sugar level reading are normal, there is no evidence of diabetes. For diagnosis of diabetes one of the following criteria need to be fulfilled 1) Oral glucose tolerance test Fasting Blood sugar level more than 125 and/or 2 hours post glucose blood sugar level more than 200. 2) HbA1c level more than 6.5. 3) Symptomatic for diabetes i.e. increased frequency of urination, unusual thirst, unusual hunger, weight loss, along with this random blood sugar levels more than 200. Whatever symptoms mentioned by you like disorientation, slurred speech, abnormal shakiness, light headiness do not denote Diabetes. Taking in to consideration of profession of your boyfriend it looks like a possibility of anxiety. Better to consult another doctor during period of symptoms, or you can make video during symptomatic period.

input: Hi...yes, thanks.  I have been having loose stool of varying color for about 3 months now. No regular stool passing during this time.  It is sometimes coincides with mild stomache aches, but not often.  I eat pretty healthy,  This has coincided with a sustained period of stress at work and Im wondering if this could be stress related, an ulcer, or something along those lines.  Any thoughs?  Thanks Michael
output: Hi, Looking to the history it seems that this problem might be due to stress called spurious diarrhea. As you got this problem since long, another cause might be having chronic gastrointestinal infection, bacterial or protozoal. Avoid stress. Go for one course of ofloxacilin, tinidazole combination medicine course for 5 days. Avoid junk food. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, My son is 31/2 years now. Till now he frequently suffers from cold and cough.Initially it starts with cold, runny nose, develops to cough and it remains severe for atleast 10 days. He gets it too often.I started using Homeopathy medicine from past 1 month. Does Homeopathy help and how long do i need to use to prevent cold and cough?
output: The most important thing is to increase his immunity through proper and adequate food containing multivitamins like fruits and vegetables. Take care from the difference of temperature between day and nightie has to wear suitable clothes, and you should care of adequate ventilation for the house. Good and clean hygiene and avoid contact with thick persons or brothers anywhere

input: my doctor recently said , unsure if its an actual diagnosis, I am hypoglycimic. I am puzzled because I ve been measuring my blood sugar levels and they seem to be in the normal range. 95-98 in the am, 105- 110 within a half hr. to an hr. after eating. I feel pretty awful after I eat, as if my sugar is off. UNsure of when I should measure and what I am looking for
output: Hello, The blood glucose levels mentioned (both fasting and after food) look absolutely normal. I am giving below the range of blood glucose levels for your information:1) Normal : Fasting : 70 to 110 mg / 100 ml, PP 2) Pre-diabetic : Fasting 108 to 125 mg, PP 141 to 199 mg / 100 ml, HbA1c%5.9 to 6.4 3) Diabetes : Fasting :126 mg and above, PP 200 mg and above & HbA1c%6.5 and above. Considering above criteria levels mentioned by you are within the normal range. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, I m a female aged 29. About 6 weeks ago I got a really intense pain that comes in waves at the top of my stomach. The pain is so bad and on the same pain scale as contractions, only higher up between my ribs. Within the 6 weeks I ve had this pain on 3 seperate occasions and each time it s been followed by dirrahrea. It usually lasts about 2 days. 4 weeks ago I took a really sharp pain in behind my rib on my right side that went up into my right shoulder. The pain came on me very quickly and I couldn t lie down or take deep breaths as the pain was so bad, I was so worried I went to a&e, on arrival I had a high temp, pulse over 100 and low blood pressure. Doctor did an X-ray whicChatDoctore back clear, and done a ct scan as they suspected PE, this also came back clear. They told me my bloods came back that I had infection somewhere but they just didn t know where and sent me home with antibiotics. 4 days later I went back as I didn t feel 1 bit better, done another X-ray which was clear, more bloods and tested my liver this time as they were thinkin maybe gallbladder, al bloods came back clear, my liver slightly elevated but nothing to worry about , I think it came back 41 and doc said its usually 36, only bloods still showed infection, but doctor was baffled as to where the infection was. I got sent home with stronger anti biotics, I started to feel a bit better within 2 days but I still kept the pain for about 2 weeks after. Since all this I have been to my own GP, she redone my bloods , all came back clear accept my liver ggt which was slightly raised but not raised enough to do anything about. I ve got an US appointment in a couple of weeks, I m really hoping I can get to the bottom of all this, have you any ideas ? Do you think both these symptoms could b related? Any feedback would be gratly appreciated, many thanks!
output: You had episodes of severe pain at lower two ribs at right side probably rt Hyperion Chat Doctor. Your CT thorax was normal, and blood investigation showed infection i.e. raised total count, X-ray was normal. I wonder y abdominal CT wasn't done.  This kind of pain can be due to respiratory, CVS, GIT, ( cholecystitis, cholelithiasis, pancreatitis, colitis, diverticulitis, PUD)etc.... pathology. As CT thorax was normal respiratory pathology can be rule out. Blood investigation dint showed any pathology.  As you are going for ultrasound whole abdomen it will show other pathologies. If it shows normal study then you can go for CT Aldo.n last ECG Only after your physicians advise. Thanks n regards 

input: My husband is on a blood thinner (Xarelto), which he took at apx 6:30 this evening. At dinner he bit the inside of his bottom lip and it is STILL bleeding. I have tried the following: Ice with his head back.Chalk stick used for shaving cuts.Rolling his lip down and holding pressure with a Hemosat Foam Strip. (Several times, several minutes)Also rolled lip down and held Hemostat Gauze for few minutes.He recently cut his finger and after hours of bleeding, we used WoundSeal powder recommended by a paramedic and it stopped, but I feel sure I cant use this powder in his mouth. Even if we were careful that he not ingest it, I know it says it needs to stay dry in order to form a scab, so being inside his lip it could not stay dry. Can you suggest ways to stop the bleeding that are safe to use inside his lip? We are trying to avoid a several hour wait in the ER for this! Thank You
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  The reasons for uncontrolled bleeding is the blood thinners in this case, other reasons are hemophilia. The incidence of previous bleeding is before starting of the Chat Doctor.  I advise you to consult your doctor, for diagnosis, he may reduce the dose of the 

input: Hi, I was working out yesterday (on the rowing machine) and yesterday afternoon, all night and today I am feeling a flutter in my chest. It feels like my heart is palpitating but my husband says maybe I just pulled a chest muscle.  I used the rowing machine the past 2 days in 20 minute increments.  could this have caused a pulled muscle?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should first rule out arrhythmia (rhythm disturbances in heart) because arrhythmia commonly causes palpitations and Fluttering sensations in chest. So consult doctor and get done 1. ECG 2. 2d echo 3. Holder monitoring (24 hours continuous recording of ECG). If all these are normal then no need to worry about arrhythmia or other heart diseases. Pulled muscle can also be the cause. So apply warm water pad on affected areas. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid bad postures in sleep. Take painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright with all these but first rule out arrhythmia. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I believe I will need a dentist to answer my question. Is there one available? My son lost two of his bottom teeth over month ago. Yesterday he came to show me his mouth. One of the spaces has bubbled and become dark blue however he is in no pain or discomfort. There is no sign on his perminent tooth . What could this be and how concerned should I be?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, After reading your history I suspect the lost teeth were primary or milk teeth, you did not mention your sons age so that we can predict the eruption of permanent teeth. I would suggest you to consult a dentist and get an x-ray done for the affected area. x-ray will show if there is a remnant of tooth left in the jaw that has lead to swelling and bluish discoloration or there is some infection or bubbling of the area is due to permanent tooth erupting. Accordingly treatment can be carried out. I hope this helps you, take care.

input: I had sepsis in October 2013. I now have bruising on the soft pallet and petechiae on gums and tongue. Still havent been feeling great, losing weight, chills, fatigue and upset stomachs daily. Should I be worried? Should I see my doctor? They said it would take time to feel better. Finished Ive antibiotic beginning of Dec.
output: Hi, I understand your concern.  Sepsis & also the antibiotics taken to control it disturb the normal intestinal flora which keeps our gastrointestinal tract healthy. To manage, -Keep oral cavity clean by warm water gargles.  - Use a mild paste with finger/slim soft brush. -apply boroglycerine to affected area.  -Take warm/cold milk, non-irritant/bland food, grated juices, salads - B complex (specifically folic acid)& vitamin C supplements are essential.  - Take Lactobacillus preparation before food.  - Avoid constipation. Exclude amoebas. * To consult doctor for assessment of health & prescription of medicines n proper combination.  Thanks.

input: I had liver function tested as part of my yearly physical, my ALT ( SGPT )was 24. For no reason in one day I had extreme stomach ache, nausea , vomiting and swelling of my abdomen. Three weeks later I had blood tested again and my ALT was 36 out of range 0-32. All the other liver function tests are normal except ALT. Could something happened to my liver during this episode?
output: It was an episode of hepatitis. Not much is wrong with your liver at present. Liver heals very fast

input: dear sir i am a medical persons my mothers have a upper abdominal pain bodyache and low back pain .on ultrasound report have  simple  liver cyst and rt cortical renal cyst .what cn i do sir please give me an appropriate way for treatment .
output: Hi, These conditions might really not be related and need a keen review. Liver cysts are treated depending on the cause. They could need Chat Doctor.  Upper abdominal pain could be due to gastritis or pancreatitis or some medical or surgical. In case these symptoms have been going on for a long time, the opinion of a gastroenterologist, coupled with an abdominal ultrasound and Ct scan would be helpful to guide diagnosis and treatment. Kind regards

input: Hi, this is Ravi from Gandhidham, Gujarat, recently my moms hernia surgery done dtd 10/06/2011, after four days some liquid leakage is started, now mom is under treatment. Doctor has suggested nothing to worry as this is fat liquid which overflows sometimes. This is will continue four to five days. We are so worry about present circumstances, can you pls. advice on this matter...Best Regards Ravi
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Leakage of fluids can be possible after a week or so. Leakage after this time is abnormal. It requires a treatment. I suggest you to do culture and sensitivity from the fluid coming out. If it is infected than appropriate antibiotics as per the report will cure you. If the fluid is non infected than it requires a correction surgery. Once these measures are taken the fluid will decrease coming out. Please maintain good hygiene locally, you can do it by frequent cleaning and Chat Doctor.  This will equally important as taking 

input: I had a bacterial infection a week and a half ago and was put on penacillin.  Beginning Sunday, while still on the Penacillin,  my glands are really swollen and the right side of my throat hurts, my neck feels stiff and I feel week.  I do not ahave a fever.  They did test me a week and a half ago for Mono and strep and I had niether.  Not sure what I am dealing with.
output: Hi, It seems that bacterial infection is resistant to penicillin so does not respond with this antibiotic. Go for another antibiotic medicine course or go for throat swab for type of bacteria and antibiotic sensitive to this strain of bacteria. After report go for long treatment of specific antibiotic medicine course. Avoid cold Chat Doctor. Go for antiseptic gargles. Ok and take care.

input: My husband and I was having sex which cause injury to his penis we heard a poping noise he got dizzy then came the pain we went to the ER and this morning he felt better so we tried to pick up where we left off and I noticed a huge black bruise on his swollen testicles what do the bruising indicate?
output: Hello, Consult a general surgeon and plan for a Doppler scrotum. We have to rule out possibilities like torsion or epididymitis. As a first line management you can take analgesics like paracetamol or diclofenac for pain relief.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hello doctor.. My mom has tuberculosis.. treatment is started 2 weeks ago... i.e from 9 may 2014. medicines taken are rifampin and isoniazid(R-Cinex) along with thynorm 25mg before breakfast, pyridoxine hydrochloride (benadon 40 mg half tablet) & prednisolone dispersible tablets (i.e wysolone) after breakfast but this wysolone tablet for 1st week 3 times 2nd week 2 times i.e after breakfast and dinner & 3rd week only after breakfast.. Then pyrazinamide (i.e pyzina 750mg) 2 tablets after lunch and at night after dinner ethambutol hydrochloride tablet i.e themibutol 800 mg.. before starting with this treatment i.e on 8 th may 2014 Tapping was done.. and now from 20 may 2014 pseudomonas aeruginosa was found so on 20 & 21 may doripenem 500 mg diluted in 10ml steriled water was given after that from 22 may ertapenem 1gm IH was given for 5 days till 26 may. Now doc told to stop this injection but didn t told us to do any test. And she still has fever around 102 to 103.. Doctor told to take crocin if it crosses 102 and maphtol if it crosses 103.. Her diet is also not proper. She don t feel like eating as she use to eat before.. She has loss her weight too.. She is still coughing & cough is normal white or water colour.. Sometimes she has breathing problem too.. Even stomach upset sometimes.. when there is fever at night she become wet due to sweat. Please doctor advice me.. Is this treatment going on is proper ?? And how many days will this fever & cough remain..?? When she will gain weight?? why is this stomach upset now.. is it because of medicine side effect or other disease like jaundice or something because some jaundice we dont come to know..?? what vegetable fruit should be eaten & which should not be eaten as she has cough too?? is it ok to have non veg ?? please specify name of fruits and vegetable to give & not to give.. please doctor reply soon.. i am worried a lot.. please please please
output: Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I have read your query in detail. Furthermore, I understand your concern. A patient with Tuberculosis on treatment doesn't have any special dietary restrictions. However, patient should avoid Spicy food, alcohol. Should be given lots of green leafy vegetables. Should be given lots of fruits. If on treatment develops any pain abdomen, jaundice, visual disturbances, it should be reported to your doctor. This is my best advise for you based on available details. If you have any further query please ask me. Stay Healthy. ChatDoctor, MD

input: my 5 year old son , who is a milk allergent has lost all his hairs from the head within 15 days .One thing is to be noted is that his hairs has fallen not from the roots allhis scalp is covered with black pigmentation of hair .What is this problem// and how will he cured.
output: Looks like milk allergy but seborrhea dermatitis and zinc deficiency can't be ruled outlive her syrup zinc for two weeks apply steroid cream on scalp get head bath with ketoconazole shampoo alternate day

input: Hi, I have unbearable pain in both sides of my groin, my pelvic region and my hips. This has come and gone several times over the past 6 weeks. This is the worst- I cannot walk due to not being able to cope with the pain. The pain won t allow me to even bear my own weight. What do you think Lynn
output: Hello, It may be due to some muscle or ligament injury or can be due to symphysis pubis dysfunction. As of now you can take analgesics like Ibuprofen or Diclofenac. If pain persists, you can consult an orthopedic and get evaluated, an MRI scan may be required to evaluate the pelvic region. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi,  i am getting skin allergy from 2months. it does not attack me when i take medicine but when the medicine is over the very nextday it attacks me at noon and evening. my skin starts itchig so much the skin becomes red and if i rub it..it still bcomes more. can any one tell me whats the reason for this?
output: Hi, This may be due to constant exposure to allergen. The  ChatDoctor. 

input: My baby is 1yr. old (12months). For last 2 days she is having loose motions. I don t know whether to call it as loose motion but she is having toilet 3-4 times a day. Toilet smells badly. Also colour of toilet is Blackish Green, Yellow and also it is sticky. Please let me know what kind of food shall i give to her. I normally used to feed her milk, Dal/Rice, Fruit(banana/Apple), Khir etc.
output: Hi, Does she have fever or vomiting? Does the stool contain blood or mucus? Is there any abdominal pain or discomfort while pooping? If no above said symptoms, this need not be taken as significant. Some change in stool frequency, colour or consistency is common once in a while, and need not be worried about. You can continue the same feeds as before. If stool is too loose, reducing amount or withholding fruits for few days might help. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello. I kicked something and now my foot is slightly swollen, slightly bruised, but definitely sore. I cannot bend my big toe (which is the area where the pain originates, in the foot part just below my big toe) not because of the pain, but I physically cannot make it bend. It hurts to walk on the affected area but I can walk. I just cannot put weight on the big toe. It is painful with a mixture between dull and achy and suddenly sharp or throbbing. Though, I took a Vicodin and the pain is a lot better. The pain is more localized and the areas around it hurt less allowing me to put weight on those areas. Does this sound more like it could be a sprain since the pain medication helped with almost all of the pain aside from the milder pain I feel in the location of the bruise and swelling?
output: Dear patient You have injured your foot more so your great toe and possibility of fracture cannot be ruled out since pain is not relieved.  I would advise X-ray of involved foot anteroposterior and oblique views to confirm diagnosis.  If it shows fracture you need to consult expert orthopedic surgeon with report.  If its normal diagnosis is sprain and recommended treatment is rest for 2 weeks and tab diclofenac 50 mg twice a day for 5 days. All the best.

input: My brother has been diagnosed with aggressive bladder cancer.  However, it will take a month before he can get into a specialists.  If it is aggressive wont a month make it even worse.  Can he do any of the testing, etc. while waiting to see a doctor.
output: Hello, Treatment options depend upon the stage. If it is superficial, then BCG therapy. If it is muscle invasive, then chemotherapy followed by surgery. If advanced, then only chemotherapy.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: intense pain in the head, vomiting blood and even low sighted..treated with brain cancer..age 17 female can anybody help plz..her weight is also low its 33kgs..height is 5.7..the pain is getting regular and when in pain no other option other than taking a sleeping tablet as an insomnic..plz doctor help..
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. She should go for MRI once.  It will give exact diagnosis.  If it brains cancer then surgery and radiotherapy is the treatment.  If it is some other pathology then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: 18 month old more tired and cranky than usual. Other than the end of a cold, she s healthy. She normally sleeps 11 hours at night, with a 2 hour nap. For the past 2 days, she has slept 12-13 hours at night with an almost 3 hour nap. She s normally quite pleasant, but has recently been cranky and even laying around some when awake. She s asking for milk more...seems hungry. Growth spurt? Other ideas would be appreciated!
output: Hi, thank you for choosing Chat Doctor.Sometimes kids are more hungry and cranky without an apparent reason. But just look for any ear ache or pain while passing urine which can make kids irritable and are usually missed. If she is not having these, then she is in the recovery phase from her cold which has increased her appetite. Just give her an extra meal for another week or so before going to sleep. Hope this has helped you. Your vote of thanks is appreciated, Good luck, Chat Doctor. 

input: Husband had an endoscopy during the procedure found white spots.  Took a biopsy and thought it was fungus.  Found out today not the case. White blood count low told might be an infection.  Not for sure needs another scope in a few months.  Taking meds for acid reflux.  What could it be?
output: Hello thank You for contacting ChatDoctorWell first I must say there's too little details provided to work on however let me try__ 1. Your husbands having acid reflux and on meds - since when?  2. Did he undergo endoscopy for that or there was some other problem(what was the problem that he's facing lately)??  3. Is he having any other problems lately (fever, flu like symptoms, loose motion, pain abdomen etc.)??  4. Apart from the meds for acid reflux, is he also taking any other medications for any other problems(Diabetes, Hypertension, Asthma etc.)??  5. You've mentioned White blood count low - it's better if you kindly attach the report of white blood count and also the differential count along with next time it would be better 6. Does he smoke?? Either way do check in with your gastroenterologist and also get back to me with some more details next time for actually telling what it could BEP.s Haunt you got the report of the Endoscopy?? If yes then please attach along with in your follow-upHope to see you soon, thanks a lot for posting your query in Chat Doctor

input: hi, after marriage i concieve but my baby is  not growing.and doctr did dnc after that 1 year i didnt concieve and my husbnd reports of siemen analysis was worst.now his reports is fine and doctr advised me to take proflien.my mensus are regular .and iam 24 yr old
output: Hello...thanks for trusting the Chat Doctor doctors for your health related queries. I guess your concern is about.chances of getting pregnant when results are normal.right.well.there is HIGH CHANCES of getting when all reports are normal. For getting pregnant following things are required-in women-regular menses reproductive age group(15-45years)normal reproductive organs(uterus, tubes,ovaries etc.). In man-normal semen analysis(normal sperm count, motility etc.) as u told that u both have all reports normal then DON'T WORRY.RELAX.there is high chances of getting pregnancy in your case.u also told that u had abortion, but DON'T WORRY, it happens with most of the women. It doesn't mean that u can't be pregnant in the future. it's normal.nothing is wrong in this. With the above discussion u can try out my suggestions-1. Try to do coitus during fertile period(it is from 10th to 16th day of menses during this period chances of getting pregnancy is high).2. KEEP PATIENCE...there is high chances in your case. Just RELAX.3. If u r in hurry then visit nearby infertility specialist. He/she can help u. I hope the above information is useful, informative and helpful for u.regards- Chat Doctor. . I can understand your tense-full situation, DON'T WORRY, I pray the God that u will be blessed with a cute n healthy baby.hopefully TWINS)

input: I ve noticed a small hard lump on the outside of my left upper biceps for several weeks now. The skin over and around the lump are was suddenly darkened with what seemed like some sort of bleeding under the skin. A week ago, a doctor told me it was nothing more that a few tiny ruptured blood vessels from possibly a trauma to the arm and that the large dark stain should clear up in 2 to 3 weeks. Well the dark patch has almost cleared up now but the relatively painless lump remains. The lump can only be felt by running a finger over the area because it is invisible from outside. What do you think please? By the way, I broke my middle finger on the same arm about a year ago and had a lot of numbness and stiffness after POP removal. Although the finger movement remains somewhat stiff, I can t relate it to the biceps lump. Sorry for the long explanation, thank you.
output: Hi Reading your description of the lump and its progressive history- To me, it appears as torn biceps long head at the shoulder joint. It will remain as a lump and become prominent only of flexing your arm. It is painless and harmless and requires no treatment. The discoloration in the skin was due to bleeding in the area which has resorted now.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...i hav mild pain in right side of my stomach and mild back pain.doctor suggest me to take scan,urien test,blood test and xray,but i all  was normal,finaly doctor suggest me to take zintac,nimusulid and cifran 500,there is no redusing of my pain.still i hav pain,what to do
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorI understand your query and concern. Your symptoms are suggestive of Castro esophageal reflux disease. I advise you to get an Upper GI Endoscopy and Crease test, complete blood picture, stool culture, per digital rectal examination to confirm the diagnosis. Chat Doctor. Pantop once daily before breakfast, Syp. Gelusil and Di gene chewable tablets. Avoid strain and coughing as it may lead to Diaphragmatic hernia. I also advise you to get investigated for H.pylori. You may also need to take Qua

input: hey my name is brittany im 19 and lately i have been feeling this knot on the inside of my belly when i press it and if i press to hard it actually hurts.....as well as when i lay on my stomach it hurts me....my period is a few days late and i had sex with my partner a day after my last period and for the next week almost evryday...i would like to know why i have this knot and why it hurts as well as are these signs of me being pregnant.....im scared to take a test so i would like some advice before i take one...please and thank you for taking the time to read my story...
output: Hello dear your story is a bit confusing,,,,,you didn't mention what sort of knot and exactly where,,,,,dear for getting pregnant sex near to ovulation is imp ND that's about on 15th day of cycle you had sex about that days I guess ,,,,your chances of getting pregnant are their but this knot isn't pregnancy you might have abdominal hernia or appendicitis,,,,,better get your test done on time

input: Seasonal. Allergies and sinus congestion Hey.Im 31 years old..My allergies seem to be out of control u this year..I stay congested all year around and nothing seem to help ..Im on nose spray, asthma medicines and still have trouble..Any ideas that will help me stay uncongested?
output: Hi, first go for a head and neck X-ray in Caldwell Luc view and waters view to rule out other pathology of paranasal sinuses like polyp, muscle or chronic sinusitis, then meet an ENT specialist to have a thorough examination including rhinos copy to assess your condition .let them diagnose the type of rhinitis you have, go for complete panel allergen test to get the list of all substances which are allergic to you, also go for pulmonary function test.proper see of levocetrizine, montelukast, oral or topical steroids and antibiotics can manage your symptoms perfectly for which you should follow your ENT specialist. Take care.

input: I was recently diagnosed with a pituitary tumor, after going to a neurologist his assistant informed me that it is not a pituitary tumor but it next to it by my brain...The reason I even found out about this is through an MRI I had because of vision issues that I am having (double vision) the thing is this is the third incident it seems to come and go with the first time being in 2009, the second in 2011, both with pregnancies, and now this time while I was on an appetite suppressant. What do you think
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. If you had double vision, the tumor infiltrated cavernous sinus, and treatment depends on the kind of tumor. In that area three are the most probable lesions: Pituitary tumor, Meningioma and Chraniopharyngioma. If the size of tumor is small (below 3 cm) it could be treated by Radiosurgery, if it is greater than 3 cm it needs surgery.Don't delay treatment because there is a serious risk of blindness. Consult a Neurosurgeon. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions.

input: hi, i have 23 years old , i practice fitness ,, i feel an instability on my knees while walking , i feel a weakness too on my legs , i have a flat feet , when i woke up i feel that my left knee is blooked , but when i m walking and movinig it in a while i lost that feeling , and it s comes over when i set to mush or after sleeping , and when change the shoes for exmple my knees come to pain on the miniscal tears i think , i m suffring can you help doctors ?
output: Hello, I have studied your case. As per your age and history there is possibility of soft tissue injury in knee. Most commonly meniscus injury occurs. As per your symptoms you need to do physiotherapy and knee exercises to improve range of motion. If pain persist then you may need to do MRI again to see for any functional defect. Small meniscus tear can be managed conservatively with physiotherapy with USG and TENS. Meniscus injury can be managed by arthroscopic repair, and same day you can go home. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: Hi, i have pain accross the middle of my back just under my lungs, it isnt there all the time, when i sit on my knees and stretch forward then try and straighten myself, it seems to hurt then, i have been told by the doctor that my lungs are clear. What could this be?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely because your pain is associated with specific position and movement. So avoid movements causing pain. Avoid sudden jerky movements of chest. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Apply warm water pad on affected areas of chest. Take simple painkiller like paracetamol or ibuprofen.Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here...my 7 year old is complaining of stomach pains and her heart rate is extremely fast, also has a mild fever, is she ok? should i take her in, it s the racing pulse i m worried about
output: Hi...it could be because of high fever, or it could be a condition called - supraventricular tachycardia. It definitely needs medical attention. Kindly take her to the nearest emergency room and get her evaluated. Regards - 

input: hi,,my name is mike and i have a kidney stones.my left kidney is swollen and as per my doctor says i have big stone in my left kidney and some in my right..he gave me medicines to intake,and i took the med. yesterday,when i pee in the morning i encounter some blood clots..is this a normal or there is something to with what im taking,,how dangerous is my situation right now....thank you for your advice....
output: Hi, Welcome to the forum. I understand your condition. Multiple bilateral stones with swelling is not to be taken lightly. You need to undergo urinalysis, blood tests and if necessary CT scan or MVP. The treatment depends on the stone size, location and kidney function. You need to meet a urologist immediately. Best regards

input: I am a 62 years old Male. I underwent a brain MRI examination the outcome was: Few tiny hyperintense foci are seen in both frontoparietal and left anterior peri insular white matter, which appear to be ischaemic/nonspecific, with none showing restricted diffusion. Question : What does that mean?
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I have noted your MRI brain findings. I would like to reassure you that these findings are not significant and do not represent any serious brain disease. I would like to know your clinical details (history and examination findings) in order to completely interpret your MRI findings. Hyperintense loci on MRI are most often due to migraine and ischemia (lack of blood flow to brain). Ischemia of brain occurs in people with high BP and sugars. At this stage, you need to keep your blood pressure and sugar under good control. In addition, aspirin tablets may be taken to prevent further ischemia. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: Hey.. I m a girl aged 17, 85kgs (:( overweight ), approximately 165-175cm tall, no previous breast cancer or other diseases in my immediate family (that i know of) and i ve found a lump underneath my armpit.. It s not sore most of the time, only occassionally and sometimes if i use roll-on deoderant.. I don t know what it is or what it could mean.. Could you help?? Thanks...
output: Hi...please try to feel the lump ourself and assess whether it is hard, non-mobile, any change in color size and the surrounding skin of the lump...the best investigation is Fine needle aspiration cytology(FNAC) .it'll give a clear-cut reason behind the lump...hope u get well soon

input: I truly believe my brother has a paranoid behavioral disorder. How can I get him the help he needs?  He is currently taking meds for anxiety and Atavan.  He has begun the process of counseling however he continues to suffer major meltdowns daily, not able to be alone, maintain a job and daily living skills are difficult for him.
output: He may have a psychotic illness. However, reaching to a diagnosis and treatment plan need more information about his behavior and illness and interviewing him. Get back to me with more information like duration and nature of illness, does he talk to himself, more details about his suspicious behavior, how does he spend his day at home, any addiction? Etc. You also consult a psychiatrist in Lois vicinity as interviewing the patient is key to make a decision.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been experiencing a pretty severe constant pain in my upper abdomin for the last 4 hours. When Im standing it becomes a sharper pain that causes me to walk a bit hunched over. I had tried to go to the bathroom but that doesnt feel like or seem to be the problem nor do I have any nausea sensation. I did just start taking Celexa 3 days ago and melotonin at night for sleeping 2 days ago.Thank you
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorSudden abdominal pain is indicative of many possibilities and sometimes nothing's comes out, colicky abdominal pain can be considered, just take a rest, no need to take anything by mouth (Food) wait for half an hour if subsided then it's okay if it does not then try antispasmodic (Dicyclomine) it will come around for sure, further query will be answered ask without hesitations have Nice day.

input: I HAVE A VEIN ON THE LEFT SIDE OF MY CHEST THAT IS VISIBLE AND IS SORE. I JUST HAD A STRESS TEST DONE AND EVERYTHING IS NORMAL WITH MY HEASRT. THE AREA IS VERY SORE TO THE TOUCH. I ALSO HAVE BEEN HAVING FLUTTERING SPASMS JUST UNDER THE LEFT BREAST AREA. I AM A 53 YEAR OLD MALE.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. No need to worry about heart diseases because your stress test is normal. Possibility of skin infection like herpes zoster is more in your case. It is viral infection of skin caused by skin contact. It is commonly seen in chest area. Herpes causes pain, redness, itching and venous engorgement (dilatation of veins) in localized chest area. So better to consult dermatologist and get done clinical examination of your local part. You may need antiviral, painkiller and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health.

input: I have a flat red rash scattered about my inner upper arms. It s not a lot,but it also seems to have a very faint red rash looking are around the general area of the more prominent spots. It doesn t itch.Could it be a type of heat rash or something more serious? Thank you for your expertise in considering my question. Nancy Roberts
output: It needn't be an allergy saying from the location and the symptoms. It would be some form of fungal infection. However, one would need to see the lesion to be able to comment on the same.

input: I m having pcod...29 yrstrying to conceive since one year....LH level on eleventh day of my period was 15....i had taken clofert100 in the iinitial days of that cycle...doctor told me dat it was on higher side..could nt conceive dar month....now on contraceptives pills nd metformin frm d last two months....i m worried....will I b able to conceive?
output: Hiyou can conceive with Chat Doctor. You need proper evaluation before that. Tubal patency test, and follicular study reveal your tube status and ovulation. Consult an infertility specialist.

input: Am 34yr old - diagnosed with takayasu artheritis based on elevated ESR abd mural thickening observed in aorta in CT scan in Jun 12. wanted to understand how serious is this, side effects of the medication and what measures should i take for healthy living?
output: Hello, Takamatsu arthritis is a progressively worsening disease and needs proper treatment under the guidance of rheumatologist. Regular monitoring and exercise will also help. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hi, i (24 years old, male, 186, 68kg) have an increased level of testosterone (9,5ng/ml [4-8ng/ml]. is there a natural way (without medication) to decrease it (just hypothetically)? does a lack of sleep sink the testosterone level significantly, e.g.?
output: I would like to know what are your actual complaints?if your complaints are known it would be more appropriate for Ayurveda diagnosis and treatment. On reading your above problem I would.suggest Khoisan OWA, some mind calming yogasanas, mind dissertation may help.Omar recitation and NASA for pituitary rebalancing should be tried.

input: Four years ago I had protected sex with a woman (I am male) and 3 days later had a terrible burning sensation on my penis and testicles. No rash or discharge, just terrible skin burning. Since then, it has come and gone, but always been slightly present. Sometimes, however, it becomes intolerable. I have been tested for all STDs several times, prostatitis and herpes four times - always with negative results. In fact, the most recent herpes blood test was done in December 2010, with negative results for both HSV1 and HSV2. I have also visited a urologist who did no tests and told me it was probably not a urology problem. A neurologist did some minor tests but found nothing. There are no marks, no lesions, no spots, no discharge, no bumps or anything other than an incredibly painful penis and testicles. Occasionally it "feels" like there are cuts or tears, but there has never actually been any. Sometimes, when I am standing it feels a little less painful. When I am sitting, the burning can also be felt in the thighs. Do you have ANY idea what this might be or what I could try to alleviate it? It has been many years and I am at my wits end. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
output: Hello, It could be an urethritis. If symptoms persist, it is better to consult a physician and get evaluated.  As of now Chat Doctor. 

input: my husband just had an angiogram. They did not put stint because there was more blockage than expected. Is it normal for him to change sleeping habits. He is falling asleep in a second. This has never happened to him. We have been married for 26 years.
output: Hi Their understand your concern for your husband I would like to tell you that angiogram is only a diagnostic procedure that has no effect on sleeping pattern. You must check his blood pressure if it is staying low or go through his medicines if he was prescribed any sedatives' medicine if yes then consult with his treating doctor and ask if he can stop using that medicine. Hopefully this will help Kind Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: This is more a dentist question: I bashed the gum behind a back tooth the other week because of over brushing, and now the abscess has gone/stopped hurting it has left a kind of hole which fills with plaque and at the bottom as a couple of black dots in it. Nb I had my wisdom teeth taken out when I was a teenager (I an now 28). I am arranging to go to a dentist for next weekend for them to see what is going on. My question is what could this hole be? Can it be filled in? Are the black dots I see nerve endings or blood vessel endings from when I had my teeth out?
output: Hello, As you are mentioning that you have noticed a hole inside the tooth with black dots, it looks like that there is tooth decay present there means cavity has been started. You should visit a good dentist to get it restored, as otherwise it will create other problems. Hope it will help you.

input: I have had Mirena for about 3 1/2 years. I have several symptoms of pregnancy , including excessive fluttering in my lower left abdomen which I ve only felt during pregnancy. I took a home test today, and it was negative. Gas has never felt this way. What could be causing this strong fluttering?
output: Hi... you are having progesterone releasing intrauterine device... you have pain abdomen and symptoms of pregnancy. Get one more urine pregnancy test. Serum Chat Doctor levels can be done as the confirmatory. See your gynecologist to rule our any possibility of ectopic... all the very best...

input: I need to consult psychiatrist for my brother My brother is 34 yrs old. He gets angry and becomes irritated on small small issues. He is working in a call centre. He had polio but after the polio has been treated he is become more short tempered kind of a person. he abuses when he is driving when someone overtakes him. we need some suggestion for his sudden mood change prob. He is very noble hearted person but when he gets angry he himself dont know how is is behaving with his elders but when he calms down he aplogise for his behaviour. He do not drink or smoke . Please advise?
output: Hello ~ It seems like your brother has an anger management problem and impulsively becomes angry at little things.  However, it also seems like these anger episodes are predictable, which makes it amenable to treatment.  I suggest that your brother take anger management classes or complete a do-it-yourself book for anger management.  It is helpful to consult a psychiatrist if you or your brother feels like this is not helping and medications may hold a key to the question of anger. I hope this helps.  Take care.

input: My 7 year old daughter has had low appetite all day and has just started having a sudden onset of pain on her upper right abdomen, under her rib , in her gallbladder area. I am just concerned as mostly everyone in my family had had to have theirs removed, so im unsire if I need to take her into the emergency room or not.
output: Hi, I do not think it is an emergency but if she develops bilious vomiting or abdominal distension, high-grade fever with chills and rigors then it is an emergency. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My boyfriend is 23 years old and he came home from work complaining about a pain from his belly button to the tip of his penis. He explained it as a pulling sensation and it hurts worse when he leans backwards (stretching) I ve had kidney stones before and was wondering if that s what it is but he didn t have any pain in his kidney area recently.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for the query. It is hard to say. If this is acute pain then it can be beginning of appendicitis and kidney stones are typically located in lumbar area. It may be cystitis, so it would be good to do urinalysis. Wish you good health. Regards

input: I do not have a mirror where I can see what it looks like but behind my ear I have a discharge, infection. When I used an alcohol pad to clean behind my ear the pad had a brownish color to it. Behind my ear burns and hurts when I try to clean it. Is this a fungal or bacterial infection? I continuously have problems with my inner ears. I had an ENT to tell me it was allergy related. I have severe allergies and my inner ear problems (itching mostly) only occurs when my allergies flare up. I have been prescribed Clotrimazole and Betamethasone Dipropionate Cream to place in my ears when the itching inside the ears happen. Could the two be related?
output: Hi there. It appears that you may be having fungal infection in the outer ear fold. This could result from sweat accumulation, seborrhea dermatitis and lack of hygiene.  While showering, do clean behind ears as otherwise infection may develop. If you have severe Dan Chat Doctor.  Keep the area clean. Wipe regularly with clean, soft cloth. Eat balanced diet. 

input: my husband had hep c they told him only yesterday that he has cancer in his liver and lots of spots in his llungs that are cancer thay have said they wont operate and they wont give chemo or radiotherapy because these tumours dont respond . he is only 45 years old they said they wont do a transplant although we have got family willing to donate part of their liver . do you think theirs any where that can help us . what about a liver and lung transplant , could we pay any one to do that? please help thankyou
output: Hi dear patient want answer It is basically costly procedureWith willing donor So you have to arrange both but basic cause is hep c After transplant you have to further prepare for interferons Thank you Take care Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: my sister 47 had gallbladder stage 2 cancer, had surgery done and after 1 year she got liver metasis, she is now at the hospital, cause had an infection of the bile, a stunt was placed to drain infection, she had received 2 types of chemo for 3 months, but did not workNow taking Tarceva and should start pallitive chemo once she is better stage.  My concern is that she is retaining fluid her belly is swollen, her ankles pratically all over.  Is there anything that can be done, what does this mean for her life.She is not taking any other medications.  She is strong and she is positive on all this.  Would she be a candidate for liver transplant.TksVicky
output: 1) palliative chemotherapy is for stage-4 cancers where there is no any other treatment option is available to cure cancer. Purpose of it is to relieve symptoms of patients and to improve quality of life. Palliative chemotherapy is not better stage.2) gall bladder cancer with liver metastasis is aggressive disease. It might affect liver function (formation of new proteins) depending upon spread of liver metastasis. Symptoms of fluid in belly, ankle swelling suggest less protein in body.3) she is candidate for palliative chemotherapy (but consider location and spread of metastasis in liver)

input: i have pains under my right side rib cage it comes and goes , im sitting on couch and have strong pains under rib cage same spot everytime.my family physician says its nothing to worry about.but its something to worry about if it happens everyday for about 6-8 months now.please help.
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough cardiothoracic assessment is advised. As the pain is persistent from past few months I will advise to take up a thorough cardio thoracic assessment if it is in the middle of the chest or above the abdominal region. You may be recommended x-ray or any other test based on the assessment the pain is below the xphisternum then I will advise to take a thorough abdominal assessment and a Diagnostic ultrasonography will be advised to see the soft tissue status. Also, if the pain is near to the rib joining the sternum then it could be Costco Chat Doctor. I will still advice to undergo at least a chest x-ray to check the soft tissue and bony status. No pain persists for longer months until there is something to understand about the physiology. Also, with breathing exercises if the pain subsides then you many not have to worry, as certain times due to weakness of the intercostal muscles there leads to pain. As no chest congestion, cough cold, abdominal pain is mentioned by you, I suspect it to be a Costco

input: I suffered a compound fractured patella requiring surgery/wiring 8 weeks ago. Since then I have struggled to get back into any sort of normal sleeping pattern resulting in about 4-6 interrupted hours of sleep at different times over the course of the day. I have been taking 10mg diazepam that has helped with anxiety but not sleeping
output: Hello, Your main problem seems like anxiety. You can take Chat Doctor.  If symptoms persist, it is better to consult a physician and get evaluated.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hi, i just gave myself a clexane injection in my stomach. It has air at the end which helps push out all the meds. This time i accidentally had the air bubble in the middle, so all the air was injected into my stomach. Is this dangerous or nothing to worry about? Thanks
output: H, A great question! The air if injected in the subcutaneous area will get absorbed by the body. A is in a very small amount, nothing serious will happen. Imagine when we Surgeons stitch the big wounds, so much air is trapped and nothing happens. (this is just to give an example).

input: my nine year old son has been complaining of a headache all day at school. He said that it started yesterday on the way home from a road trip. His eyes are blood shot and he looks miserable. no pain to light or sound however, when i tell him to touch his chin to his chest he says there is pain. It also hurts his neck at the base when i touch it. He also says that he just feelis icky. He is congested and has a cough that only seems to come on at night. This may be an over worried father but my 18 yo daughter went thru a bout of meningitis that was caught early by me and I just wann be sure. this could just be a common cold right? the pain when bending the neck is what worries me but it isnt terrible pain he says its like a pinch then it goes away. thoughts?
output: Hello dear! I can understand your concern. The pain which you are describing can't be meningitis as in this infection the child is quite sick and is unable to flex his neck. Its probably sinusitis or could be viral flu both of which can have headache. I would advise giving him some good anti histamines like levocetrizine 5 ml at night or fexofenidine 6 mg /loratadine 10 mg once in the morning before going to school. You can also try some home remedies like 1 tablespoon of honey in a glass of Luke warm water once daily. Normal saline(2 ml) nebulization and especially steam inhalation also helps. Dnt worry he will be fine in 2-3 days with all this. Get him an X-ray PNS done, and his eyesight checked because sometimes it could be due to refractive error. Hope it will help. Wishing your child a good health :-)

input: Hi, I took a Dollar store pregnancy test and it came out negative, but Im not sure if its accurate. Ive looked up common early signs of pregnancy, and I seem to have most of them. Is it possible that the test is wrong? Or that Ive taken it too early?
output: Hallow Dear, The routine urine test for pregnancy detection gives reliable results 8-10 days after missed period. If this test is done earlier, the chances of false negative tests are high. Beta Chat Doctor test is very specific and sensitive test. It gives reliable results within 2-3 days, or even before the missed period. Another test is ultrasonography. It gives direct visual evidence of the pregnancy status. However, it also is reliable about a week to ten days after missed period. Hope this helps you.

input: My 21 yr old son recently develop a tremor in his right hand. He has also had a couple of episodes where he nearly passed out after physical training exercises (he is in the army). This last time that he nearly passed out, the hand tremor became worse afterwards. The MRI he had approximately a month ago did not show anything abnormal. He is otherwise healthy and athletic. The army has sent him to an Airforce Neurologist but it has been a month and we still do not have a diagnosis. Please help!
output: I will suggest you to take Ayurvedic medicine tab estate 2bd tab video 1tds if necessary you can do panchakarma.

input: HI Doctor. My baby is 10 months old. She had a fall yesterday and hurt her gums. The doctor gave her purbac and allergex for her runny nose. I havent yet started with the allergex as i am uncertain about it. I m rather using the saline for the runny nose. The burbac i m also a bit concerned.
output: Hello, thanks for your query, one is septal is an antibiotic work for respiratory infection, another one is CPM(chlorpheniramine male ate) works for running nose. Go ahead. Hope I have answered your query. All the best. Take care.

input: My ears are popping and I am dizzy, have tinnitus and hyperacusis. I have tried flonase for a few months to treat what my doc says is eustachian tube disorder, but it has not helped. Whenever I walk or my heart rate increases, the symptoms get worse. Is there anything else I should do to get relief?
output: Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor, I can understand your concerns. Yes there is chance of increased heart rate initially with these symptoms. Post your further queries if any, Thank you.

input: Dear Sir,I am 40 year old, since last six month my leg got amputed whenevre I travel. Even if I walk for a KM, my leg starts amputing and also I feel breathlessness and also Khansi get started. Since I have a strong Khansi, but nothing is coming out of it.Would you please help me.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Leg pain, breathlessness, coughing etc. are suggestive of DVT (deep venous thrombosis) and Pulmonary embolism (PE). So better to consult pulmonologist and get done venous Doppler of legs for DVT and CT pulmonary angiography for pulmonary embolism. Don't wait at home because this is serious disease. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks

input: I have been having lower back pains for the past year or so coupled with a lot of gas in my stomach. I have seen my doctor for a kidney infection and was treated. But the symptoms remain. I have no history of lumbar injury. I am 57 yrs old an in generally good health. I was prescribed Zerodol 100mg and Cipro 500mg for the infection and they seem to work but the lower back pain lingers. I have noticed that the pain is especially discomforting between midnight and 7am.  thanks for your advice.
output: Hello dear, The symptoms are attributed to increased gas formation secondary to excess acid secretion in stomach. Presenting with such symptoms, I usually treat my patients with:1. Tablet Pantoprazole 20 mg twice daily (to be taken half an hour before food)2. Anti spasmodic like Dicyclomine preparation twice daily (to be taken after food)3. Application of analgesic+muscle relaxant gel.4. Take soft, plain, non-spicy foods.5.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I had open heart surgery (four bypass) a year ago.  Yesterday, I had a little difficulty breathing and about every 10 minutes my heart seems to skip a beat and at the same time a sharp pain would radiate through two of my teeth.  Should I be concerned?
output: Hello, I have gone through your query. Thanks for using Chat Doctor.First I would like to know what were your symptoms before bypass? Did u you have heart attack? What was your pumping function of heart i.e. LVEF before bypass ?I can guide you after I get your feedback.However, you must get ECG done to know about heart rhythm, My best wishes Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, My name is owais..i had piloniidal sinus about 1 and half years initially i used to ignore in sense of infection but after some days it become worse and pain hitting so much at that instance someone suggest me to use a `Lehning L86` 20 drops in water 3times a day it works a lot but not cure sinus it only stops watery kind of thing which emits from sinus ..i just want to know that is there any possible option to get rid of it without surgery?....Thank you!
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. No, for colonial sinus surgery is the only final cure. Taking a medication can only help you heal for some times. Against the surgery which can cure you completely. If you receive any serious stress on back colonial sinus will recur. You can take the detail solution in the water diluted. Which can help clear infection only. Remember it will not clear up the sinus. You can use the pillow before you seat. As it can help you to get severe sinus infection. Also wear the cotton undergarments. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Please hit thank you for me if you are helped. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist.

input: Having pressure in lower abdomen and sharp pain when sneezing along with frequent urination. Had a urine culture 2 weeks ago and it was negative. I did have urinary tract infection about 6 or 8 weeks ago however. My doctor says the results of the blood work says the infection is gone. What should I think at this point?
output: Hi. It looks the residual infection in the urinary bladder and the related structures or its aftereffects are still lingering on. Also have a review ultrasound and urine tests. Take a long course of an antibiotic like Roxy if it suits you. I would also advise you to go for MVP-= intravenous paleography to rule out obstruction/ stones or other affections of the urinary system.

input: My 4yr. old a week ago got very pale a fever and started vomiting, then he felt better and was fine, but yesterday he got a fever again he didnt throw up and we put cold towels on him and he cooled down, last night he woke up screaming and he had another fever, what could be wrong with him?
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your son is having symptoms of fever which is due to impaired and reduced immunity of your body. Need not worry about it. Take antipyretic Chat Doctor.  Visit pediatrician once and get it examined to find out the cause of fever after thorough investigation. If required request your physician for any lab tests which may be required and start treatment as per that. You can take Cronin as well every 4-6 holy. You should take Metal P tablet as well. If symptoms still persists go for blood tests and then start treatment as per that. Avoid cold carbonated beverages. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best wishes,

input: yes i m suferring from abdominal pain for last 3 month n also having peoblem in breathing i have to take deep breath then i fell relaxwhen this pain occur i also suffer from low grade feve this pain is on right hand sode i m also taken treatmen of pcosi have gone through genital tuberculosis treatment last year
output: Hi there. Thanks for asking us. First I will advise you to take a fresh USG. Chest X-ray. Complete blood count. And abdomen X-ray erect supine. See there may be relays of genital tb or fluid in POD, PID. According to the reports' management can be done.

input: I have swollen Lymph nodes, I have had this for the second time. First time they took one out and found it was normal, but not normal. ??? My symptoms are, Hot spells especially at night, not assoiated with hot flashes, extream fatigue, pain in lower abdomine that travels any time any where, worse at night. Nausious all the time especially after eating, over weight and can t loose weight even though I eat almost nothing. I do eat healthy, veggies and fruit don t seam to trigger it any different than any other food. I have seen a few Drs and am to see a colon specialist on the 4th. My nodes started swelling last night making it unbearable to sleep. worse ones are in abdomine. Last time I went to the hospital they did basiclly nothing, the meds they gave me made me sick. There has to be a reason for this. No one seams to be able to or want to help. Any ideas?
output: Thanks for your query at Chat Doctor! I am Infectious Disease Specialist! I went through your query! There are various causes of lymphadenopathy (Viral, bacterial, tubercular infection), lymphoma, leukemia, etc. You need thorough examination and set of investigations(ZN stain from FNAC and cytology) to come to diagnosis whether viral, bacterial or tubercular in nature. In your case as you have evening rise it is likely "Tubercular" in nature pulmonary or extra-pulmonary. But I recommend take a course of antibiotic for 2 weeks to see if it resolves before you get investigated for other causes. You will need antibiotic prescription. Happy to take more queries! You can also write a review for me. If you would like some more information, I will be happy to provide. Take care!

input: hey, so 4 days ago I was cleaning the bathroom at my work and I felt a really sharp pain in my neck and went all down my spinal cord. I could barely walk that day but as it progressed it got better. jump to the next day and ever since, I ve had majopr pain in my neck to the point where I can t move it to my right, and I have pain in my shoulders and a tingling in my left hand. I looked it up myself and the symptoms seem to be that of a slipped disc, but could there be something else, and what should my next step be?
output: Hi you have guessed it right these symptoms are probably of a disc prolapse in the cervical region and if the pain extends to the hand then lower discs may be involved.be on rest take analgesics get a MRI of the cervical spine done do not lift any weight on neck, do not excessively move the neck use cervical pillow. Traction may be helpful, and some doctors prefer a short course of steroids to reduce edema and pain.

input: My wife is concern with the seman dicharging after we have intercourse, my wife think something in wrong. One other question, i had a Vasotemy Reversal and it was sucessful but my sperm count is low, i am taking medicine for 3 month with very little change in the sperm count, can you give me some advice.
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have undergone Vasectomy in the past and Vasectomy reversal very recently. Your semen analysis done very recently after reversal surgery is low. Normally there are very fewer chances of normal sperm count to be achieved, and it entirely depends upon the time gap between two surgeries as the anti sperm antibodies are formed after vasectomy which kill the sperms. Chat Doctor. .

input: Please translate in laymen s terms: angular left-side disc extrusion is present. Extends from midline into proximal aspect the left neural foramen, is approx 7 mm in width extends approx 8 mm dorsal to vertebral body margin, indenting thecal sac and impinging on left L5 nerve root
output: Hi To be very frank I have come across the word angular disc. What I can tell with this report is that you have a disc bulge More on the left side (in relation to a central line) and it is pressing on the Thecal Sac (Spinal cord Bag) and Left nerve root (L5)(means L sided nerve at L5 level). Hope it serves the purpose.

input: My fiance is a 27 y/o male. He has knots that will come up sporatically on his fingers. He has also lost patches of his hair that has been diagnosed and alopecia. He has what looks to be a swollen lymph node behind his ear. He has been to many doctors who have ran blood work and he has also visited a dermatologist. He is very concerned that he has some underlying disease that the doctors are missing. I have to re-assure him daily that he will be ok. Please help me
output: Hello, Alopecia with lymphadenopathy may be possible with fungal infection of scalp may present like hair loss with lymphadenopathy. Also check for autoimmune disorders may present like this. Photosensitivity or autoimmune thyroiditis or diabetes millet us etc. Until examination is done it is difficult to say what it is. please consult your dermatologist check for skin biopsy and oral cavity, sinuses for examination for infection. If symptoms not improved please consult your dermatologist he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi I am Khushboo . 22week scan done . My Bebey seen left renal pelvis measured 4.6mm . What does Mild pelviectasis of the left kidney mean? What does Mild pelviectasis of the left kidney and kidneys are echogenic mean? How concerned should I be?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor .yes the left kidney is not fully developed, and it is something serious your baby needs surgery, so please get your delivery at a well-equipped hospital and please be prepared mentally for your child surgery after hos birth I suggest that you should take help of nephrologist to discuss various options available for your baby know it is very painful, but one kidney is normal it is a good thing with regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Our five month old baby seems to have a water blister (fairly large) on what our pediatrician identified as a birth mark just inside her elbow (about a half inch long and a bit darker than the skin surrounding).  Wondering what might cause it, or if it is something to be concerned about?
output: Hi, water blister is not a birthmark. Birthmark are usually hyperpigmented or hypopigmented patches on skin. But it is never associated with looks of water blister. You should get the child examined by skin specialist doctor. Take care.

input: My father is suffering from vasculitis for three months treatment is going on from Sahara lucknow but the condition is getting worst now he is unable to do any movement and suffering from severe muscular pain what treatment should be done to relax him from this pain
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of your father. As mentioned by you about the symptoms, since it is vasculitis we need to have patience for the bodies mechanism to function. As treatment of choice is always directed towards the symptoms. Also, as the fatigue and pain is the factor, taking physical therapy will be advised as per me depending upon the vascular assessment. By passive movements of the limbs it will help to maintain the normal muscle property and metabolism of the cells. Also breathing exercises will help improve the oxygen in blood cells, which will delay the fatigue and pain. Usually, physiotherapy is a non-invasive and no side effects' therapy. Avoid performing massage to increase the symptoms. Also icing can help. You can discuss the same with your vascular surgeon. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello there...i have been having some issues that bother me. I have a pain in my stomach area (my left side)...just where the stomach and pancreas would be. While standing up, I feel a bulge and it hurts to push on it...it seems to bother me more when I am at work..but I sit most of the day. I also have heartburn about every day...I have been taking some prilosec almost everydat to stop that..but when I stop taking that the heartburn comes back. Also, when I lie down I do not feel the hard bulge.Please help
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. Forum.  You have pain in the stomach, on upper left side. When you stand and at work it is bulging and tender. You got heart burn also, When you lye down the bulge this appears.  The heart burn may be due to irritation of the stomach due to peptic ulcer of irritant food habits. Underlying cause could be hernia, gallbladder stones, or H pylori infection.  I advise you to consult a gastroenterologist for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I. gastrostomy, besides other routine tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.

input: yesterday i was surprised when there was bright red blood when i vomited.  I have a cyclic vomiting disease. and in the afternoon i had my urine checked the result was pus cells 50-60 hpf and the bacteria was abundant.Was the result of the urine test a factor of what i had experienced in the morning?
output: BLOOD MAY BE DUE TO FORCEFUL VOMITING, ESOPHAGITIS,GASTRITIS, ULCER IN STOMACH.ESOPHAGEAL VARICES.CONSULT YOUR GASTROENTEROLOGIST.VOMITING MAY BE DUE TO URINARY TRACT INFECTION.YOU DO NOT WORRY.TAKE TREATMENT FOR PUS CELLS.CONSULT UROLOGIST.

input: Left sided lower rib cage anterior pain. No known injury other than possibly brought on by raking the yard. Pain is sudden and sharp with a stabbing sensation. Pain is intermittent. Pain scale = 4/10 to 5/10. Increased pain with coughing or sneezing. No history of cardiac and no other related cardiac symptoms. Wife a nurse at JHH and thinks possible costochondritis or possibly related to my Rheumatoid arthritis. No fever. No nausea or vomiting. No diarrhea. Feels better after taking Motrin. What do you think this may be?
output: Hello Thanks for writing to us, I have studied your case with diligence. As per your history there is possibility of rib contusion or Costco Chat Doctor. Rib contusion is visible on X-ray. I will advise consulting to orthopedic surgeon. Medication like muscle relaxant and analgesic will reduce pain along with it use rib support belt. You may consult physiotherapist for pain management. He may start TENS, or ultrasound which is helpful in your case. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. If you find this answer helpful do not forget to give rating at end of discussion. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: Daughter had jaw surgery 1 yr ago. Today having sharp pain in gums and teeth. She was recently in hospital for a staph infection in her leg. She was given heavy antibiotics. If she had infection in her mouth Im sure drugs would have treated that. This seems to be nerve pain. Any suggestions for relief?
output: Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern.Maybe she has teething syn Chat Doctor. Apply dental gel and give any analgesic(Cal pol or ibuprofen).  Take care Kind regards 

input: what is the treatment for costochondritis? My father ,88 years old, has severe intermitten chest pains on his right side he has had chest xray upper GI blood work ct scan ,hi def, all check out normal , pain relief medication does not help the pain last from 2 hours to about 6 hours what do think??this has been going on for 6 weeks he has an appointment to see a pain management doc
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your fathers situation and problem. Costco Chat Doctor.  This inflammation causes stiffness in muscles too. So along with painkiller, patient needs anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxant 

input: Hi My 5 yr old son has what looks like either broken blood vessels or a rash on his upper lip. (looks like a juice stained mustache) I tried to wipe it off but it is not a juice stain. The mark has remained on his lip over a day. Do you know what this might be from and will it go away? Thank you!
output: Hi.... Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: hi my daughter is 6 years old its been a week since she has fever and cough took her 4 times by the doctor last night the doc say she has a chest infection he gave her ventolin,predcort ds and zithromax ....for the pass week i took her to 2 other docs an it was useless.cant u give me some addivice how to deal with this since all week she been under so many medication 3 different cough syrup
output: Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor.I'm sorry to hear that about your child. How many doses of Zithromax have you given your child already. Usually, it takes 48 hours before you can see the effect of the antibiotics (like the fever goes down or may completely go away, child is regaining appetite) provided you give the proper dose as prescribed. Remember that the cough is the last to go away. If after 48 hrs your child worsens, it is best to bring to the hospital. Does your child have any history of asthma or allergic rhinitis. If yes, usually the course of a respiratory infection is prolonged. I hope your child feels better soon. Sincerely, Handle Dulay-See, M.D. Pediatrician

input: Hi. I cannot help being constantly tired.  It doesnt matter how much I sleep, I will always be tired.  If I go straight home after work, I always find myself falling asleep without knowing it.  Also am always cold (especially my feet) and frequently have headaches.  I am slightly overweight, but eating very healthily and still find weight going on rather than off.  Dont know if this could be related, but every few weeks, I go for a few days with very bad back ache between my shoulder blades.  Would be great to get some advice, I am covering for 2 people at work just now so dont have time for a doctors appointment.  Thanks
output: Dear patient You are showing all signs of hypothyroidism. But it could be due to deficiency of vitamin D and calcium. So you need to be investigated with 1. Serum level of TSH, T3, T4 levels 2. Serum level of vitamin D3 3. Serum level of calcium, phosphorus and alkaline phosphatase.  Visit reputed lab nearby you and get this done.  Take visit to endocrinologist with report. Do not neglect your health and do this asap.

input: my legs are week and in legs is shivring how to reduce shivering and what is the reason of shivering . Kindly answer me on my e-mail address given below: some body tell me that there is sktch in legs. my e-mail address is : YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, How old are you? Since when you're suffering? Without proper history it is difficult to say what it is. It may be due to anxiety or electrolyte imbalance or anemia or parkinsonism etc. So please give proper history or consult with your physician he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: When I go to bed at night there is a nagging pain that goes though the middle of my thigh, I been tested to see I have any blood clots and I do not I had a any. I also had a bone dinstanted test done and the result show that I have artisitha in the lower part of my back. Sometimes I can not lay on my right side because it cause me pain. That is the same side where the nagging pain is in my thigh. It mostly only happen when I go to bed
output: Hi, A back pain along with radiating to thighs can be attributed to sciatica in which a nerve gets impinged along its route, and it causes pain. So to treat it conservatively sleep on hard bed that too straight with a small cushion under your knees will relieve the tension on nerve and will relieve you paint times while you are travelling use of lumber corset will help in preventing any further trauma, have your blood calcium, it d and it b-12 levels check as there below normal levels will worsen the condition. Travel light if your work require you to travel. In diet have lots of green vegetables, fluids and have b12 supplements as (it B 12 is a euro tonic) do lightweight exercises and low impact aerobics like cycling and swimming) and maintain correct posture and ergonomics like sitting straight. Correct ways to use computers and mobiles as maintaining wrong postures worsens the condition. If pain is affecting mostly while going to bed consider sleeping on hard bed or consider changing your mattress to half inch memory form mattress. Hope you find the answer useful. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am a 40 year old white male in a monogamous relationship with my wife. I have suffered from hemataspermia maybe 11 to 15 times and been scoped for it to no avail. I am worried though. I have followed up with a urologist and was assured there was no specific reason to its occurrence. That was 3 years ago. Is the schooling of thought that this just comes and goes so to speak?
output: Hi yes haematospermia has no particular reason. One of the reasons can be torn of any part during the passage of sperm or any bacterial infection. Or sometimes it can be reaction to any Chat Doctor. If it is present repair the tear. If it is not there simple use of antibiotic twice daily can cure the condition

input: Hi,.. Good day,. in my molar part,. theres a broken teeth after this I have a big hole, after theres two teeth which was never grow, so what i mean is the big hole i have is in the middle of those teeth ive mentioned, i am in a foreign country so its hard for me to see a dentist, Do you have natural remedy for this big hole because it has smell. Thank you for your kindness.Godbless.
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI can understand your problem, you need to clean it after every meal and use any good mouth wash or gargle this you can do otherwise for permanent solution it requires complete dental procedure, and for that you have to see the dentist, take care and have nice day.

input: I have a very swollen stomach hands and tighs, feel very uptight. just off 1 x 20mg Prozac a day. Just out of a very stressfull business time nad have a family problem. 3 wks ago was taken to hospital by ambulance, doc though it was heart but that checked out ok, all blood tests ok . sleeping up to 8 hrs at night  yet need to rest most days after lunch,am quiet fit active weight normal age 57
output: In my opinion, Prozac need to be taken for a longer period. I do not know how long did you take prozacAdditionally, some kind of family therapy / problem-solving strategy, which will ad Chat Doctor.  Or else, alone Prozac to not be sufficient. For this you need to be in touch with a psychotherapist / psychiatrist symptoms that you are mentioning are quite understandable in the context of stress

input: My question is -- sometimes I can feel my heartbeat hurt a little beat. With each beat, it is a very faint, but noticeable pain. What could this be? Its not always, just once in a while. I can feel it in the center of me (where my heart is) and in my back some, too.
output: Yellowest pain may be due to many causes like cardio-pulmonary causes, refulx etc. It important to know your age. It is safe to exclude cardiac causes first. You may need proper clinical examination and few investigations. Investigations include routine hologram, random blood sugar, liver and renal function test, lipid profile, urine RE/ME, chest X-ray (PA view), ultrasound of abdomen, ECG,TMT, ECHO. You may need further test like angiography after these initial tests. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: What does this mean, Acromion type II. There is a thin line of contrast signal within the undersurface of the supraspinatus tendon over the lateral humeral head on coronal 11 & 12 of 21 most indicative of undersurface fraying of the tendon measuring 9 mm transversely, 1mm in thickness & 6mm AP. there is intermediate signal surrounding this area on T2 weighted imaging coronal 11, 12, 13. A tiny 3 mm area of undersurface of the infraspinatus sagittal 22 coronal 14. A small glenohumeral joint effusion.
output: Dear Sir/Madam have gone through your query and read your symptoms. In my opinion, these are grading of acromion, types and this means that yours is a bit hooked on the under surface and has more propensity to cause tear in your rotator cuff tendons, and if surgery to repair your cuff is undertaken, you will need acromioplasty as well hope that answers your query. If your want any more clarification, contact me back. Chat Doctor. 

input: My wife of age 47 years has COPD of about 5 years. She coughs out white and greyish flakes occasionally. She had been treated with Montelucast Sodium + Levocetrizine and Azithromycine with occasional Asthalin inhaler . But the symptom persists. Sleep accompanies with wheezing. Migraine like headache is reported.Please suggest for decongestion. e-mail : YYYY@YYYY
output: your medicine are in need of change no antibiotic necessarywith ChatDoctor. 

input: i am 44 year old male I have been having intermittent nausea and light headedness for quite some have had ct scans only thing found is kidney stones located in kidneys not moving yet. the nausea is bad but comes and goes. have started taking Prilosec one day ago, not much difference
output: HIT hanks for your query. The kidney stones are unlikely to cause nausea. You can Chat Doctor. If that does not work, you will need to see a urologist. Hope this helps Good luck

input: hi i am 45 years old and after i eat anything my face goes bright red and my neck and then takes hours to go away it is making me feel very self concious and also if i drink alcohol this happens i am so fed up with this and cant find out what is causing this thakyou for any help
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your question very well. I try my level best to explain you. As per your symptom you have hypersensitivity reaction or allergic condition. It may also due to over consciousness or anxiety. I suggest you some points like never think much more about it, divert your thought in some things, think about your enjoying movement, do not much more concentrate or get tense about this. If symptom persist than I suggest you to consult a good allergic specialist. I hope my answer will help you a lot. Thanks and Regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I was diagnosed as having Parkinson s in 2008, then told in 2013 that I have Essential Tremors instead. I asked my primary doctor and he believes I have Parkinson s. One of the reasons I was given is that I have been getting worse. I am currently taking Sinemet for tremors and have had very good results. Is there a way I can find out what I have. Should I try and see a different neurologist?
output: Hello, I think to that a second opinion by a different Neurologist is necessary at this point.  Since Sine met use is improving your symptoms markedly, Parkinson's is very likely the diagnosis. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a living donor kidney transplant in June 2012.  The donor has genital herpes.  Can this be transmitted through the transplanted kidney.  I have noticed a small painful sore on my penis and have outbreaks of small, oozing rash that too are painful and then scab over and heal on various areas of my midsection.  If this is possible I will mention it t o my nephrologist in my quarterly visit this coming week.  Thanks
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in to us. Despite great advances in organ transplantation in the last four decades, herpesvirus infections remain a major cause of morbidity and mortality for a majority of transplant recipients. Central to all herpesvirus infections is the viruses ability to establish latent, nonproductive infections which can be reactivated at later times in the hosts' life, resulting in recurrent infections and associated diseases. While improvements in immunosuppressive Chat Doctor. Hope this helps

input: My son got married last December, and lives with his wife and mother in law. Hes very unhappy living there but financially cant afford to move out. Ever since he got married hes been losing lot of weight and has bad moods. He says the wife and mother in law are not good cooks and he doesnt eat healthy food. I am very worried about my son. He was never this skinny and looking very sickly. He used to use Marijuana when teenager but not anymore? I sometimes wonder whether hes using other stuff to ease his pain or frustration or if hes suffering depression? Please help me because I dont know how to approach this matter? Thank you
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I do not think food is the only reason behind his behavior. Secondly calling this behavior as depression may not be right because this could be just dissatisfaction. I suggest you talk to your son with all your love and compassion. Or else, take him to a psychological counselor and counselor should help you. The reasons behind the behavior should be analyzed and accurate treatment method to be suggested. Understanding family and its intricacies is the trick. Your son should change, but it might take some time, and he might need your assistance as well as his wife. For more psychotherapy techniques, You can post a direct question to me in this website. Include every detail as much as you can. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques to control your condition. I am sure that the techniques should be a success. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hello.I am 44 years old, and I am a seaman. Very often I was exposed to stressful situation, until about a year ago I had panic attack. I was feeling very scared when I was alone, thinking that I am going to die, I could not sleep in my bed because of some fear. If i have slept 2 hours I was awaking in panic and fear. Could not stay alone, could not concentrate on my job, constantly having bad thoughts passing through my mind. I have visited doctor who gave me Deanxit tablets, and after first one i felt amazingly better, only i had trouble sleeping. I was taking two tablets per day for about a month, than I signed off from the ship and stop with Deanxit. During vacation I have visited psychiatrist, explained what happened to me, and he told me that I have suffered panic attack. My psychiatrist has prescribed me SEROXAT - Paroxetin tablets, 20 mg, if happens againAfter two months at home, where everything was ok, only trouble sleeping from time to time, I have signed on another ship, and situation has started but not that strong as before.I have started taking Seroxat and everything was ok, only trouble sleeping again, and I have been taking Seroxat for full 4 months while I was on board the ship.Another two  months at home without tablets, but again trouble sleeping, and here I am on my present vessel, just signed on today.After talking with my family I am sensing and experiencing some kind of fear, now when I am alone in my room.Fear comes and goes, but I am still kind of afraid to go to sleep, even I am very tired.Thinking about taking Seroxat again or maybe Deanxit.Could you please tell me what to do and how and if is possible to treat this fear permanently.Thank you very much.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Let me make things clear for you. Panic attack comes to people who were previously anxious. Anxiety is stress is just common happenings for them. It that is your case, you experienced a panic attack. Otherwise, it was just stress related momentary fear. You have to be a bit more realistic. What is there to fear? If you fear being alone, be with others. If you fear your job and want to be with your family, be with them and find a new job near home. If you fear your health, consult a doctor and confirm that you are alright. We have solutions for every fear. Instead of fearing what-it-might-be, try to find a logical solution and accept it. Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: 1 am 37 year s my proplem is :: i am suffering from lower stomach pain after periods . pain starts with in one week after periods , it occurs mainly in left side but sometimes in right side and comes in my left or right side of that abdomin.please tell me the reason and diagnosis .i have visited several doctor but dosent help me
output: HELLO SOFIA, What I gather from the info is that you have got low abdominal pain mostly after the periods. I think you should do an ab domino pelvic ultrasound to rule out some gynecological pathology most commonly endometriosis. These are diseases, and you need not have to worry much.bye.

input: Hi, my dad (age 78) is suffering from neck cancer advance stage. Doctors have given up hopes.  A sevier wound under rigt cheek.  Some times it bleeds heavily and it discharges pus with bad smel.  I have started using hydrogel heal with silver collid cream, twice a day.  Before that I clean the wound with betadyne lotion.  There is nonsign of improvement.  Pls guide....
output: Hello! I just read your concerns.  Cancers generally when in advance stages are like ulcers, they do not heal at all since they continuously multiply nonstop-- they bleed, infect, and smells bad.  If I am the treating surgeon, usually in this type of cases I clean it daily using saline solution, HY Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello,I got a discomfort under my jaws, on both sides for the past the few days now. I did notice that it really comes up when I drink alcohol (colder or room temperature, it doesnt matter). I have no fever, but I do feel fatigue and tired. For the past few months I only get max 6 hours of sleep and eat very irregularly, I also smoke. That along with being stressed often makes me think that the tiredness is a result from there. While I am aware that I should start sleeping/eating regularly and quit smoking, I wonder if the discomfort I now have under my jaws could be related, I did have a cold and a flu 2 months ago, swollen tonsils and such, I took antibiotics for it and I felt I treated it. My tonsils are not swollen now, I can swallow food OK, but why the discomfort ? ... any ideas? thanks.
output: It seems to be chronic allergic sinusitis, and it looks like allergy to yeast the post nasal Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello docs n experts, Since yesterday I m ejaculating red semen. I noticed it yesterday while masturbating, even today I seen same thing when I was trying to confirm was it a normal one day case or a serious issue. Now I think it is a serious problem for me. Please help me.
output: Hi. It is not normal to have red semen. Do you have any history of any injury to the scrotum? It can happen due to injury or rarely due to infection. Please get a semen culture done to know. Try and see your Doctor for advice. Is there any pain or burning in passing urine or semen? What is your age? You can let me the details for better advice. You can contact me directly by asking a direct query on my profile. Take care. Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a very light period in December, and barely anything in January. I didnt have one in February or March and I havent had one yet this month. I have a boyfriend, but we do not have sex, but we are involved in foreplay. Is there any possible way I could be pregnant? Or what could be wrong with me?
output: Hi, one can't be pregnant due to foreplay. You may be having some hormonal imbalances.  Get yourself evaluated.  Do a thyroid profile and prolactin levels.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been feeling unwell for 5 weeks now, it started with me losing my voice, coughing badly, so much so that it hurts my chest and I am gagging when Im coughing could this be from cleaning products being inhaled because I clean outside my house about 13 hours per week. I have been to my doctor twice he gave my two lots of antibiotics but neither has helped me. Please Reply     Vicki
output: Thanks to Chat Doctor I can understand you issue I came to know that you are working on house cleaning here cough is coming not only from infection , it may be due to irritating allergens in dust .please try to avoid that type of work for few weeks ,or otherwise wear mask and do moreover a lot of antibiotic will spoil your health , have a chest x-ray once ,CBP and ESR.tests you can use antihistamines like levocetrizine 5 mg if not montage LC for 5 days with low dose antibiotics moreover be away from cold and cold items ok don't worry it will subside

input: Hi there I have had a sharp sort of pain in my lower left abdomen since late November now I am experiencing the odd tingling sensation and pulsation of the stomach muscle. Have had ultrasound and ct scan all clear I am wondering what is causing this, it is leading to depression.
output: Hello.lower ABD pain are due to constipation, IBS,PID, IBD,pelvic pain.investigate-ultrasound of whole abdomen complete blood picture

input: Hi, my dad has stage four lung cancer which has spread to his brain. He was diagnosed 7 months ago and was only given weeks to live but has so far kept fighting.  Weve now been told that the cancer has to his lympth nodes. What does this mean? how long would you say he has left?
output: Respected user, thanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly, sorry to hear about the same.* As there is spread to multiple organs, now it is not curable as you know very well by this time, treatment is only & only supportive to take care of symptoms and general supportive care.* Life expectancy can not be uttered by any consultant with the highest efficiency as there are innumerable factors governing it, most important one is destiny written by almighty God which is beyond all the researchers of the world ! Hard to believe, but it is the fact of universe. Wishing him less and less suffering till his last breath. Welcome for further assistance. Regards.

input: Hi Doctor..... I have black patches over the walls of cheeks inside mouth for nearly 1 year. I cannot eat any spicy or sweet stuff. I burns like hell. What is the reason. I tried so many medications and nothing worked. Due to this problem, my gums bleeds when I brush and mouth burns when there is paste in my mouth. Thereofre, I am unable to brush my mouth properly and I get bad odour.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have black patches on cheeks with burning sensation don't worry this patch can be due to lichen plans, licensed reaction for this I will suggest you to consult oral surgeon for examination of patches on buccal mucosa and oral prophylaxis for bad breath and bleeding gums. In meantime you can do warm saline rinses, and take medicine Antioxidant like Lycopene, and vitamin A, you can apply ointment like Tess buccalmpaste or Heal plus on cheek for burning sensation. Hope this will help you.

input: Hello doctorI have a query regarding pregnencysuppose rubbing the penis outside of her vagina can make her pregnant. .. also she is not having her period in due course of time..could you s help what might  be the reason for delaying in her monthly periods
output: Stress, lack of proper diet, no physical activity & some more can cause delay in periods....... Rubbing over vagina can't make any women pregnant.....delay in periods occurs in many females.....

input: My sister has been coughing for 1 month. A doctor suggested that she take an x-ray. The result came out a saying that there are suspicious densities on her upper lobe and apicolordotic view is suggested . Her doctor is currently on leave and we are already worried about the result, we cant wait for her to comeback. What are the possible diseases that may have caused this densities? Also, what maybe the cause for having her take this apicolordotic view.
output: Suspicious densities mean the radiologist isn't sure whether there are densities or not and if there are then what ? Apicolordotic view will confirm whether there are densities or not, as the clavicle will not obstruct the view. Most probably it looks like tuberculosis if there are upper lobe densities, however we need to do further investigations to confirm and clinically confirm a disease

input: Greetings Doctor. My child - 6yrs recently had an episode of convulsion and we visited our padeatric and he started him with Valparin 200mg half tablet twice in a day and recommended to vist a neurologist. We visited a neurologist and he asked to change to Valparin 200mg Chrono one tablet each twice in a day. Please tell me Valparin Chrono can make a child more drowsy/sleepy. As since yesterday he is feeling tired and sleepy eventough he slept for more than 9 hours in the night he went to sleep in the afternoon. Please help us on this, hope this is not a pre sign for one more convulsion.
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. Valproic acid is usually Chat Doctor.  400 mg twice day is usual dose for a six-year-old child , it may cause 

input: my liver function test report suggests my SGOT 51.0 IU/L & SGPT IS 64.0 IU/L. PLEASE SUGGEST an Advice,                                                                                                                                                Atul
output: Welcome at Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and being your doctor I completely understand your health concerns.... Raised Sept and got levels occurs in variety of liver conditions. .what is your age? Any family history of jaundice or liver abnormality?  In my opinion you should consult hepatologist do that proper workup can be done and diagnosis can be established. You need to get your liver function test done along with screening for HBV and HCV...you should also Be tested with metabolic liver disease profile also for autoimmune hepatitis.ultrasound should also be done to look for fatty liver too... Don't worry and meet your hepatologist... Regards Said Sultan

input: i sat all afternoon watching the PHOENIX OPEN Got up to leave stood up, turned to walk to the left, at the very first step I KNEW something was wrong. to right of my knee cap and down a little ---PAIN. some swelling no bruising can bend it, can straighten it but hurts
output: In my opinion you have minor injury to your lateral meniscus advice the use of NSAIDs like alphinturn also rest to be safe to do an MRI to confirm if pain persist then you should see a physical therapist Good Luck

input: My 11 month old has had a round lump on the back of her head on one side in the middle since birth.  The doctor said this would probably go away as the skull shaped but it is still there.  her ears and everything are normally positioned and she is starting to crawl and is very normal in every way.  What is the round lump?  it isnt huge, just different than the othe
output: Thanks for the quarry. The back of head lump which is hard is due to protruded cockpit. This some time suture line fusion site. Other cases can be a small occipital lymph node. Advise is just ignore it when the baby will grow this will disappear with time due skull molding and reshaping. Or you can use occipital soft ring or pillow for shaping occipital round shape.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...Hi My father is struggling with severe low back pain that is at the end where spinal gets over for the above past 5 days and he had Taken the tablet of HIFENAC-MR but still no improvement , still same prob continues
output: HiI may suggest an x-ray of lower spine and consultation with orthopedic doctor He may take Tramadol or Vicodin tab for pain. Also make him sit in tub filed with hot water (site bath) for 10 minutes twice a day. Tail end of spine called coccyx may be inflamed called coccidynia-its a painful condition. Short course of prednisone will also help., otherwise local infiltration with injection depose Chat Doctor. But for above, an examination by an orthopedic doctor for confirmation of diagnosis is a must. The above stated suggestions are only a guideline which may be kept in minds history for prostate, bowel habits, urinary functions have to be simultaneously assessed for

input: Why does my body feel wierd one day Im dizzy headache the next day Im tired and feel discomfort in my upper chest area and other days feels like my body wants to give up. I just feel wierd and dont know what to think. I get worried alot and stress out so I really dont know if that maybe the cause. I always think I feel like its my heart but I was checked before and its not that. I know when I did some cardio workout for a lil while couple days of the week my body felt so much better. So what could it be??
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. By your history and description, possibility of stress and anxiety related symptoms is more. Your symptoms are improving with Cardio workout. Heart and lung diseases actually precipitate after Cardio workout. So possibility of major heart and lung diseases is very less. Stress and anxiety can cause similar symptoms. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counseling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: My AORTIC VALVE was replaced 10 years ago twice in a span of 17 days since the first open heart surgery had gone bad on account of one of the suitchers had opened very next day. Since then, I am on CLAVIX 75 and ACITROM 1mg/2mg per day and the INR Values are ranging between1.15 to 1.58 and at times it shoots up to 13/14 when I start urinating blood. I am taking the following medicines besides CLAVIX 75 and ACITROM : - Remistar 5 mg - 1 BD,Lanoxin 6/7, Frusalac DS 1 OD, Amtas 5 1 OD, Arkamin 1 BD and Derriphylin Retard 150 mg 1 BD. Kindly advise if I should continue with CLAVIX 75 and ACITROM?
output: I presume that you have metallic prosthetic valve, i feel you may discontinue Plavix .and stop temporarily citron if INR is above 13,also evaluate yourself for any urological abnormality causing hematuria. Once INR returns around 2 you should restart Citron.

input: Hi I went to urgent care today, haven t been feelin well. Extreme nausia, loose stools and headaches . A few months ago I had What I believed to be gallstones, the pain was severe but after an hour or two pain subsided so I never sought treatment, now I get dull pains upper right abdominal under rib, but not as painful as I had experienced before, I also had some blood in my stool for 2 days which has currently stopped. But I had a UA done about a month ago that came back with abnormal WBC when culture and sensitivity was done it came back negative. At urgent care today my Bloodwork came back fine but my UA showed 500 count leukocytes. I m going to have ct done of gallbladder . I am a 20 year old female , any idea what could be wrong
output: Hi young lady, you do have both gastrointestinal and urinary problems from the information provided. The CT scan will give us some information about how your kidneys and gallbladder look. Are you having any white discharge per vagina which is contaminating the urine? Infection of the urinary tract is the most common cause of pus cells in the urine. Repeat the culture. If repeated cultures are negative and there is no kidney stone on CT scan, you will need tests to look for causes of Sterile Syria. Blood in stools is not due to gallstones nor urine infection - it needs further assessment. Most commonly it is due to hemorrhoids (piles), but a doctor (surgeon/ GP) should examine you to confirm or negate this.

input: Hello, Doctor! If I may ask, is there any danger of overdosing on a birth control pill? I took 4 today to catch up. I have PCOS and my doctor advised me to take Diane35.
output: Hi, Overdosing up to two pills is done to make up for a missed pill, but taking four pills at a time is not going to help make up the missed doses and the cycle is no longer protected. You may also see a breakthrough bleeding due to excessive hormone levels. Other side effects like rashes, nausea, breast tenderness or abdominal pain, apart from vascular disturbances, may also be seen with high doses. I do not think you should be using some other form of pill once you are on Diane 35. You are amply protected if you are regular with your medication. Hope this helps.

input: My daughter and son in law have been trying for 2 years to have a baby. In that time they have suffered 2 miscarriages. They have 1 unsuccessful attempt at artificial insemination and 1 unsuccessful IVF treatment. The doctors say it is unexplained infertility. They are both healthy in every way. So I discovered the Natura Cure product and want to know if it is safe and worth giving it a try before I recommend it to them?
output: Hi, I have gone through your query. NaturaCure is a herbal product, and it claims to treat infertility, but Success has not been documented. It is better to avoid all these products. As you have mentioned that they have gone for IVF also, then there may be some abnormality in semen analysis or uterine problem in your daughter. You can upload their reports on my page so that I can have look at it. Better than Naturalize, give him Oligocene and her Ova care. Hope I have answered you. You can contact me on my page http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Regards

input: My son 5 years old is suffering from high fever around 103 def F and complaining throat infection . It seems to be a viral fever. We had ice cream and food outside yesterday. . Pls advise, we can use the Crixan Syrup with Ibugesic plus. or Advise accordingly. regards rakesh
output: Hello Rakesh. I'm sorry to hear that about your son. Did the fever only start today? How is he after you give the fever medicine? Is he active and eating well? Fever can be due to a viral or bacterial infection. Aside from the throat pain, does he have colds or cough? For most viral infections, the patients appear well after given antipyretic (fever medicine like Eugenic or Paracetamol) in between fever episodes. The throat infection caused by viruses is usually accompanied by colds. Viral infections are not given antibiotics like Azithromycin or Brian. It is mainly supportive like giving fever medicine, lots of fluids, antibacterial gargle. Fever caused by viral infections can last from 3 days to a week. After 3 days, you will notice the fever to go down and the patient will show improvement already. You may try to check his throat to see if the tonsils are red and swollen sometimes with streaks of pus. If you see this, chances are the throat infection is caused by a bacteria like streptococcus or what we call as the strep throat. Patients who have strep throat can also have severe headache, difficulty swallowing, sometimes with rashes. Bacterial throat infection will be more sick looking compared to that caused by viruses. For this you will need antibiotics that is properly computed based on your children weight. I hope I was able to help you. Sincerely, Handle Dulay-See, M.D. Pediatrics

input: my age is  25 and my husband is 28. we planned for a kid. consulted a gynecologist. sperm count for my hubby is 27 million but his motility percent is 0. Our gynecologist referred as an urologist and adviced to take qu energy tablet. i want to know the seriousness of our problem
output: Hello, I can understand your concern. Kindly share the total semen analysis report. The sperm count is low in your husband. There is no information about the number of live sperms. Mobility is zero which indicates that sperms would not be able to move to reach the ova. Due to all these features you are facing infertility. Kindly consult an Chat Doctor.  Certain causes of male fertility are total treatable. Donor get disheartened. This requires thorough examination for proper evaluation. Hope you are satisfied with the response. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor

input: i am 45 yrs old. ive pulled my groin several times playin ball when younger, and working in the drywall business. about 10 years ago i hurt myself carrying drywall and had a hernia on the shaft of my penis that i had removed. about three years ago i noticed a lump about the size  of a "jack" ball on my left testicle. not painful..but afraid to go to the dr. what could it be
output: Hi.welcome to Chat Doctor.I have analyzed your query thoroughly. If I were your treating doctor, I will advise you to do an ultrasound scrotum. Testicular biopsy may be sometimes needed to arrive to a perfect diagnosis. Consult your surgeon immediately. Thank you. Hope I have answered your question.

input: Hi...i have been masturbating regularly since puberty...5-6 times a day...i have less grown beard and my penis upon erection curves to the left... i also have itching problem in my penis and scrotum. My crotch remains dry and has developed scars. can u help me?
output: His understand your concern. Masturbation is normal and physiological function of the body. It will not affect your health. It won't harm so do not worry. Itching in pubic area may be due to local infection. Wwash with warm water regularly. Medicines like antibiotic and antifungal can help. Do not scratch it. If it is Chat Doctor. Do not wear tight and uncomfortable underwear. Still if you have a problem then consult dermatologist. Happy to help you further. Thank you. Get well soon.

input: hi ive been suffering lower abdominal pain now for 7 months ive been to the gp numerous times and have been referred for an ultrasound scan, recently after sexual intercourse i started bleeding bright red fresh blood, after the intercourse myself and my partner could feel like a lump on the front wall of my cervix and abdominal pain increased
output: Hi, thank you for your query, Vaginal bleeding, and a cervical mass may indicate the presence of malignancy. Also, moderate pain during sexual intercourse and vaginal discharge are symptoms of cervical cancer. Cervical cancer is a malignant neoplasm arising from cells originating in the cervix uteri. The pain in your lower abdomen is mostly because of the lump on the cervix. The most common cause for cervical cancer is Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)At this point i would suggest you to undergo a basic Pap Screening and a further Biopsy of the lump to confirm the diagnosis. Depending on that your OB/GUN will start the prescribed treatment.thanking you, wishing you good health

input: My hematologist thinks I have vasculitis.   I cant see my rheumatologist until April 30.    I am scheduled to fly to Florida on April 5 and am wondering is this condition is contagious (I will be visiting family) and is it ok to fly?     My arms and chest are covered with sores.
output: Hello, Vasculitis is not contagious at all. You can meet your family. It is an autoimmune disorder, in which our own antibody attacks our own healthy cells and tissues. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My grandmother recently passed away from gallbladder cancer and i have a lot of questions about her death. I feel like they made her pass away faster then she was suppose to. I can be wrong but i would like to investigate my grandmother death because something doesnt seem right. She was 75 year old and the doctor just found out she had gallbladder cancer and they had surgery on her and tried to cut it and he said it spreaded. I thought thats very high risk with her being that old. Ever scince then my poor grandmother. Could not eat,talk,smile she couldnt even open her eyes.they put her in hospice she didnt even stay in their for a week she passed within 2days. I want to get to the bottom of this because it doesnt sound right. She couldnt even say anything to any of her kids and grandkids before she passed away. Someone please help me!
output: Gall bladder cancers are silent killers. By the time the cancer is detected the tumor will have usually spread to the liver making treatment futile and survival poor. Surgery attempts at removing as much of the tumor mass as possible in order to reduce the tumor load to prolong life and make the residual tumor more susceptible to anti-cancer Chat Doctor. Overall prognosis in gall bladder tumors is very poor.

input: Hi, i just wanted to get some information on herpes type 1. Ive been dating this girl with it and she rarely gets cold sores to me i beleive its minor but i never get more information about it from her and i researched alot about it lately but everything is still the same. She told me she would tell me if she had a breakout but im scared and i really care about her. I sometimes afraid to kiss her even when her face is clear (which it usually always is). Can you please help me with some information on being able to coup with it and if i would be able to show any affection to her at all?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint Herpes type 1 infection causes cold sores over the lips and face and commonly involves the lips. In case if a person has a history of cold sores he/she tend to transmit infection to other individuals by close contact like kissing and using things like glass, towels etc. But in case if there is no cold sore present then the viral count seems to be very low over the skin of infected individual, although it does not become zero. But in this condition the individual is considered clean and chances for other person to get infected are less.Moreover, you can go for her blood investigation to rule out for viral count so that the exact status can be clear. But in case if her skin is completely clear then you are at a lesser risk of getting infected. She should also take a long course of antiviral medications to prevent recurring episodes of outbreak of infection. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: im doing ivf,my 1st step is the ovarn stimulation, im takeing injectoble med.follistim aq my does was 300 ui for 3days then i take a blood and sono test then my does went up 300 ui a day to 300 twice a day for7 days, my doc say that the farcols is growing slow, it should alrady been it size.. is something rong with my ovaries to make these farcols grow slow?
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question. As your follicles don't enlarge with stimulation, then I would advise going for hormonal study. As hormonal disturbance may restrict follicles to get develop. Hope I answered your question. Would be happy to help you further. Take care.

input: I have had pain in my feet for some time now. It started with sensation of walking on stones especially under big toe joint. My right heel clicks, I have burning pain to top of feet and middle toe left foot is painful. Walking is becoming quite traumatic and I can hardly get down stairs in the mornings.
output: It is either due to using a rough unhealthy hard shoes.or increased uric acid in your body...change your shoes to a soft sports shoes .avoid salt and high purines foods .do not stand up still for long time. An insole of silicon can help you.

input: Hi Doctor I am 35 weeks pregnant and am experiencing regular trembles or shakes in my tummy, like the baby is having a small seizure or like when an adult has that weird involuntary tremble down the back of the neck. What is this? and is it normal? Thanks Lishai
output: Hallow Lisa, The baby inside the uterus is continually moving. It is calm when the baby is sleeping. This movement is felt by the mother from about 20 weeks of the gestation or earlier. As the pregnancy advances, the water around the baby goes on diminishing and hence the movements of the baby are more perceived. You may please count the score of the movements. During 12 hours time if it is moving about 10 times, you do not have to worry. This is normal and is indicating a healthy active fetus. Any variation in the fetal movement count needs to be reported to the Obstetrician. I hope this helps you. 

input: I am 38 Yr Old man. I am having a female child of 5 years old. I am suffering from varicocele problem fully on left side and mild on right side. on having none sperm count i undergo homeopathic treatment for 6 months and my sperm count increases to 25 millions / cumm. and motility 23 % active., volume 3.0 ml ph  - 8.2 70% of morphology is normal. whether fertyl 25 helps me  to improve my counts . i need your suggestion to get second child. my wife is normal.
output: Hihaving varicocele is the most common cause of male infertility, I would like to know the complete semen analysis report for better advise. If you are having varicocele then you should be more worried about the decreased motility of sperms rather than the sperm count as varicocele leads to qualitative defect rather than quantitative defect, moreover you have sperm count of 25 million which is good enough for fertilization.I would recommend you to start cap.Evian and tab. Lycopene which are natural antioxidants, and they will improve the health of sperms, secondly I would advise you to get operated for your varicocele as varicocele cause States of blood in testis, and it increases the temperature within the testes which causes the sperms to die or deform ultimately causing reduced sperms' motility.

input: hi,i am 28 yrs old single girl, i have problem with irregular menstruation and i am worried about  is there will be any problem to conceive?also,i am having breast tenderness and pain before my periods. and i am always embarrassed about my small breast as i am 28yrs.so please provide me good suggestion accordingly.
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Yes irregular cycles cause infertility.  So I suggest you following investigations to know the cause of irregular cycles and take treatment accordingly.-- thyroid profile, serum prolactin, ultrasound abdomen to rule out polycystic ovary disease (PCs). The pain in breast during cycles is seen in some people. Don't worry about that. You can take primrose tablet after consulting your doctor and painkiller. Normally breast develop in proportionate to body. If you still feel your breasts are small compared to your body then for external appearance you can wear thick padded bra. For your sexual life, then you can go for breast enlargement surgery by a plastic surgeon. Hope I have been helpful. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, Im 29 years old, regular paps and regular periods.  Ive been off birth control for 2 years and have not conceived.  Is it normal after intercourse for his siemen to come out?  Does any of it stay in?  I keep thinking there is something wrong with me.
output: Hi there, I have understood your concern. I will suggest you the best possible treatment options. 1. First do not panic 2. As you have regular cycles, please get ovulation study on USG from day 10 of the cycle to know about the day of ovulation. 3. Post menstrual HSG - hysterosalpingography, within first ten days of the cycle will be helpful to know about the patency of fallopian tubes. 4. Please get husbands semen analysis done with abstinence of 3 to 5 days.  This helps to know about quality and quantity of sperms. 5. You can simply opt for unprotected sex act on and around the day of ovulation. 6, Lastly, about your concern of seminal fluid coming out of vagina. Normally, the motile sperms start travelling inside the womb and the seminal fluid remains in the vagina. This fluid leaks out of vagina after some time.  So you need not worry about it.  I hope this answer helps you May God bless you with a bundle of joy. Thanks. 

input: I am a vet tech at a small animal hospital. I was scratched during a dog nail trim a week ago. It has almost fully healed but now I m getting sever pain in my arm from the elbow to my hand, on the bottom side (sensitive ski. Area) is there any concern from the scratch or is this something totally different? No swelling and no rash.
output: Hi, Thank you for contacting us. I will to ad Chat Doctor.  The single most important thing to rule out here is an infection. Antibiotics are prescribed for bite wounds to prevent infection in certain situations. For example, if:1. You have been bitten by a cat. All cat bites are usually treated with antibiotics, as they are much more likely to get infected than dog bites.2. The bite wound is on an arm or leg - especially a hand. These sites are particularly prone to nasty infections that can cause severe damage after a dog or cat bite.3. The wound is large, deep or punctured. A puncture wound may not look large but may go deep into the tissues.4. Your injury needed an operation to clean it out, or repair the damage.5. Your resistance to infection is low. For example, if you are on chemotherapy; have no working spleen; have diabetes; have an immune system problem such as AIDS.6. You have an artificial heart valve (and sometimes, if you have an artificial joint). Antibiotics will also be prescribed if your wound has already become infected. It might be infected if:It is getting more painful rather than improving as time goes by. It has become red or swollen. It is oozing. Sometimes the doctors exam will discover some red lines in the skin of the arm - this is known as lymphangitis - this also needs antibiotics. Best to get this checked by your doctor as soon as possible. I hope this helps. Please message me back if you have any further questions. Best wishes and I hope you get better soon.A

input: hi sir, my name is vinod dubey, age 48 years, 5.5 ft, 82 kg and had first typhoid and then chikunkuniya and now finally suffering from joint problem at knee and unable to stand up on it, once i stand up i am unable to sit, infact i am unable to transfer my bodyweight onto my knees. please suggest me ...........
output: Hello, In case of post chikungunya in a good number of cases there are chances of having joint pain. This is due to an immune reaction with joints. As you have already consulted your physician and there is a confirmation diagnosis then I will suggest you following for relief:1. Take a mild analgesic like diclofenac 100 mg on your doctor advice2. I used to treat severe pain in such cases witChatDoctorbination of pregabalin. You may discuss this with your doctor3. Do mild warm fomentation over knee4. Take some medicines which can help in resolving joint inflammation like combination of hyaluronic acid available in market. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi. My name is Cathie, i m a 56 y.o. woman, caucasion, obese, and I suffer from Type 2 diabetes x 20 yrs., chronic depression and chronic pain. Lately I can t sleep.[1-2hrs/24 hrs,] my major symptom is a twitchy, spasm all over my body. do you think you could tell me what is happening?
output: Hello ! I read your question and understand your concern. In my opinion the twitchy spasm all over your body may be a disorder called myoclonus or myoclonic jerk. It may be caused by different problems like : seizures, diabetic amyotrophic or polineuropathy. It is very common during sleep, in patients with diabetes. I would recommend monitoring your blood glucose better, and have an Electroneurography and an EEG to exclude the above-mentioned disorders. If I were your doctor I would recommend treatment with clonazepam. It is a very effective Chat Doctor.  Other therapy I would recommend would be Pyrimidine, L'Oral etc. Hope to have been of help! Thank you for using Chat Doctor! Best wishes, 

input: I am 41 year old woman who has been taking Venlafaxine 75 mg/OD since May 2012. The medication helped me with Major Depressive, Anxiety attacks and severe PMS disorder initially for a month or so after that I seem to fall back to my previous state. I am unable to get in touch with my primary or a specialist. Is it alright for me to increase the dose to 150 mg/BD. i am also Dx with Hypothyroidism and take Levothyroxine now at dose of 50 mg/OD. I was taking armourthyroid 60mg/OD but cannot find that medication hence the change
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. Increasing the dose of your antidepressant Venlafaxine from 75 mg OD to 150 mg BD is a Chat Doctor. 

input: For the past several months, my 42 year old husband has been experiencing headaches, dizziness, light headed, weakness, fatigue, unstable blood pressure going really high or really low with no in between, night sweats, and says he s freezing a lot in the evening hours. No fever. He s had exams/blood work for diabetes, etc. along with MRI and stress test, which all report back normal. He has passed out with these symptoms. It appears to get worse each week. There s definitely something going on with him but we re not getting results from family physician or ER physicians. I truly feel he may have a blockage decreasing blood flood to the brain. Yes, he has smoked since he was 15-16 years old. Please advise.
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! I understand your concern and would explain that his symptoms could be related to blood pressure fluctuations. It is important to investigate for the possible causes of these blood pressure fluctuations. For this reason, I would recommend performing some tests (if you have not performed them yet): - blood electrolytes- PCR, sedimentation rate for inflammation- thyroid hormone levels for possible thyroid dysfunction- a Head Up Tilt test for possible orthostatic hypotension. Considering the fact that he has been smoking for such a long time, I would also recommend performing a Doppler ultrasound of the carotid arteries. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: About 5 weeks ago i sprained my ankle & dislocated my knee cap and have been taking physical therapy & have seen an improvement but am still feeling tenderness on the outside of my ankle & it is tender around the ballpoint as well as i have a small range in movement and stiffness in 2 of my toes what could this mean?
output: It means your physical therapist is good put is giving more attention than he supposed to do to your ankle I suggest simpler exercise to your ankle and using an anti-inflammatory (alphintern)3 times a day for a week hope I was of help to you Good Luck

input: hi.. my dad, 93y/o very physically active b4 he had cough/sob that seeked him admission 2 d hosp. on 9/14/14. right now, he s been treated 4pneumonia..he was in ICU 4close monitoring, 2r/o pneumothorax vs. atelectasis.. had chest tube inserted 2drain out excess air..chest tube still in since his admission. his Dr. advised him to have surgery to repair d collapsed lungs.m my questions are..1. how long can a chest tube stay in to drain d air out? 2. is it advisable to have surgery to repair his lungs at his age? 3. his pneumonia hasn t been r/o jst yet.. he s given Zithromax 500mg iv q24hrs..what is best to do, considering not much antibiotics to choose from in the PHILIPPINES on top of high costs.. ThNKS A LOT FOR D RESPONSE...
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Surgery is not at all advised at this age (93). Because lung surgery is considered as major surgery and heart lung bypass is needed during surgery. And chances of post-operative complications are very high at this age. So I will not advise surgery for him because of his age. Better to keep ICD and wait for resolution of pneumothorax. Better to get done sputum culture to identify organism. And also get done sensitivity report to guide the antibiotic therapy. Once infection is resolved, pneumothorax will definitely subside. So discuss all these with your doctor and plan accordingly.

input: For three days I have a constat sharp pain on the left side of my abdomen which becomes more intense when i cough or burp or inhale. This started when I was sedentary, I was not involved in strenous activity. I have felt this pain in the past, but Id always explain it away due to excersize or intense walking. What could be causing this? Also my period is very late and Im certain this is not due to pregnancy. I am 42 years old.
output: Hi and thank you so much for this query. I am so sorry to hear about this pain. It would be difficult to tell what the exact cause of this pain is. I will suggest that you get consulted and evaluated for the possible cause of this pain and treated accordingly. A primary care doctor would be a good person to start with. I hope this ad Chat Doctor.  Feel free to ask for clarifications and more information if need be. I wish you well. Thanks for utilizing our services, we very much appreciate it.

input: weak moustache and beard...hw much it will coast the treatment for stimulate the growth and get a stiffer moustache and beard...im 29 year old. i feel my testes and penis are also smaller when compared with my friends...pls let me knw the treatment coast..
output: Hii.welcome to Chat Doctor.I understand your problem.my opinion is that,1.take nutritious foods.2.have good sleep of about 8 hours a day.3.avoid stress.4.take multivitamin tablets once daily in night.5.apply eucalyptus oil in beard area to get thick beard. Thank you. Hope my answer will help you.

input: I had surgery on my carodid artery in 86. . I am having trouble with my breathilng going up stairs trouble talking,, heart palpitations, Dr at St Josephs Toronto found that I have a bow in my vocal cord and after the surgery in 86  my husband was told that I may not be able to talk when I woke up. I did have trouble talking at the time and my voice has been raspy off and on. Now I have a very low paulse and have a lot of trouble with my voice. What kind of a doctor do I see with this problem Sheila
output: Get done 2D echo to check if your heart is pumping fine. And for voice, visit ENT surgeon. And if any further queries, DON'T hesitate to revert.

input: AGE 36, LAST year in july i have already operation lamber spine L5-S1 disc prolesped,after few month i m attacked spondylosis same disc prolapsed..doctor suggest the operation but i can t after physio thereaphy i m well but some time i have some problem, please u suggest me
output: Hello, I will suggest you to continue the spine strengthening exercises as advised by a professional physiotherapist. Avoid over straining your spine. Do not lift heavy weights. Do not lean down to lift a weight placed on floor. Sit in a lordosis posture (your tummy protruding in front) on chair. If you need to lift a weight from floor you need to sit on floor first and stand up with a strong support. If physiotherapy keeps your spine healthy you can wait on being operated. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: i am 22 yrs of age who has hep b. can it help taking mx3my family history has hep and i think i got it from my mom. i have hep b and the doctor said it is acute. what should i do? do i need to continue taking mx3? and what good things or nutrients that you can get form taking mx3?
output: Hi thanks for asking question. No specific need here for using mx3. I need to know duration of hepatitis b.... Mostly if you acquire from mother you are having chronic hepatitis and now in active stage. In chronic hepatitis active stage determine by liver enzymes' estimation, HBO DNA and Head estimation.... If you are in chronic active stage antiviral specific medication started.Meanwhile, take low fat diet. Fruits taken more. Green leafy veg useful... Avoid alcohol. If jaundice occur immediately consult doc. Close clinical follow-up necessary. Chat Doctor. 

input: My husband has G6PD. He just found out about three months ago when having a treatment for cancer when he had multiple organ failure , and a stroke . He is home now but he is itching on his buttocks and on the sides of his genital area. What creams or medication can I try with him. I have tried the cortizone and lotrimin but it is not working.
output: Youre husband can try Tab Atari 25 mg thrice daily after food for 5 days. It contains antihistamine which will reduce the allergic itching. U can apply Ubisoft gel 1% locally which contains HY Chat Doctor. Along with the above two your husband can take T. Forcan 150 mg once daily after food for 7 days. Forcan contains antifungal agent fluconazole. These 3 medications should reduce the itching in your husbands buttocks and genital areas.

input: i have a 5 year son who for about a week now is having these random coughing spurts and sometime will make him vomit.  he does not have any fever but very fatigue.  it sometimes happens atleast 4 to 5 times a day.  he cannot even talk during these spouts of coughing.
output: Hi...by what you quote I feel that he might be having a pertussis cough and the infection would have been caused by an atypical organism. If the child is coughing in bouts and the eyes are becoming red and face is becoming red during the cough bout and if after cough he is having a whooping inspiratory noise then it could be whooping cough or pertussis cough. I suggest you consult your pediatrician and get an antibiotic prescription and a cough suppressant. Once started this type of cough can last for 4-6 weeks. Regards - 

input: A friend of mine in Thailand has a son with what I strongly suspect is Icthyosis. My friend says he heard of an herbal remedy produced by a company in Connecticut. I have not been able to find anything on this remedy on the net. Do you know of anything that can help. The boy is about 20 and is beginning to have social problems due to the disease.
output: I don't aware about the medicine that u mentioned.ichthyosis diagnosed as genetic origin little time to take treat. Depending upon the severity and type of ichthyosis, affected individuals may need treatment from about 6 to12 months, in order to significantly improve from this condition. Ayurvedic treatment for this condition includes oral and external medication along with some diet restriction. If needed (yoga also)If u give a clear detail of this patient I can guide u more.

input: hi i am a 27 year old healthy male suffering from hair loss and hair thinning problem. I was prescribed R89 by a doctor (20 drops thrice a day). However the chemist also suggested me to take Weisbaden 200 (5 drops daily) along with R 89 as supplement to it. what should i do. Also is there any side effect of these nedicines..??
output: Hi, You may be having halogen effluvium. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect treatment. I think your medicine are homeopathic. They are innocent without side effects. Remember.there are many other good medicines in allopatry...ok. so, consult the dermatologist. Hope this helps. Chat Doctor. 

input: hi doc my cervical lymph nodes are enlarged bilateral discrete nd not matted no. is increasing along with size. fnac report is chronic non specific lymphadenitis. complete blood pic is normal except esr is 44. i hav a fear could it be any malignancy
output: No you need not worry, it doesn't mean cancer. But only thing is to followup after 1 to 2 weeks of antibiotics and get examined once again.

input: Red pin prick rash in my 2 and a half year daughter, itchy skin, eczema has fleared up with it, just had antibiotics for suspected chest infection rash has come back since she finished antibiotics but worse. It s all over body except her face, normal self most of the time until she starts itching. More tiered then usuall, drinking and eating ok. No temperature,
output: Hello dear your child might be suffering from atomic dermatitis. Kindly meet a dermatologist and get proper diagnosis done.

input: Hi. I have started exercising and Im getting heel pain in my right heel. Recently I also noticed that I had worn the heels down on the left shoe only, the right looks perfect. Are they related? Is this posture or gait thing and who can help? Thank you
output: Hello thank you for using Chat Doctor I read your question and understood your concern. I think this is plantar fasciitis. You should do stretching exercises for the Achilles tendon and heel cord. Also using arch support shoe inserts helps. Sleeping with night splints will help you also. I wish you quick recovery

input: heloo doctor i got bacterial infection first doctor gave me augmentin 650 but after taking this  heldi got itching al over body then he prescribed azithral 500 what would be dosage he said to tk augmentin thrice daiy whether azithral shold also be taken thrice pl help
output: Fellow, you have not mentioned your infection clearly, azithral 500 mg once a day is given normally in many conditions it's not given thrice a day, Buti suggest you to visit your physician and confirm the dosage.

input: Sudden pain in left shoulder, under shoulder blade. Took Tramadol, and rubbed topical pain relief. Pain gradually moved from back to chest mid-breast bone. Difficulty taking deep breath without heaviness in chest. Took 2 puffs albuterol, drank 16oz of water. Pain slowly moving to top left arm. Now tightness in arm and chest. All this began around 5:30 pm today. Pain and pressure went from severe to mild by 9:15 pm EST. Should I go to urgent care or emergency room tonight or check with Dr tomorrow?
output: First You do investigations like ECG x-ray c spine.it will be helpful for diagnosis until I will suggest you some Ayurvedic medicine tab yoga juggle 2 beta Karaganda vat 1bt

input: i was in a severe car accident 4 months ago with head trauma. ive really had no problems other than dizzy spells so the doctor then did an mri and it came back fine. but then today i was standing in a line talking to my aunt and i was talking and all of a sudden all that would come out was mumbles. like i was totaly drunk. my whole body went very limp and i had to sit. it scared me so bad all i couls do was cry cause i knew what i needed to say but couldnt say iyt. this lasted for about 10 minutes then for about 30 minutes after i was stuttering a little and shaking. now i feel ok just like my balance is off a little what could this have possibly been?
output: Hi! I read carefully your query. I think that you have vertiginous disease which may be:- Central from cerebral disease and to exclude it you should do brain MRI-Peripheral from middle ear disease (Manner disease) which excluded witChatDoctormertonal proves and Audio gram. Every diagnosis may treatment but the first by neurologist and the second by otorhinolaringologyst. I think so that your problem is not related with the accident. Wish you fast recovery. Chat Doctor. 

input: hi..would you please give the ways of conceiving. my semen analysis says: liquifaction 25, volume 3 ml, low viscosity,pH 7.5, sperm conc.110million/ml, motile sperm conc.90m/ml, total motility 81%, progressive motility 75, non-progressive motility 25, vitality 81% live, morphology 50%, autoagglutination positive, leucocytes 8-10 and fructose positive.
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts and report of your semen analysis that you have posted it appears that your semen parameters are well within normal range of WHO standards except presence of pus cells (Leukocytes) and auto agglutination which suggest presence of infection either in Seminal Vesicle or Prostate. Please get your semen culture done to find out the organisms causing this infection and antibiotics to which they are sensitive to. You need to take appropriate antibiotic for 6-8 weeks to combat infection completely. Repeat semen analysis after completion of course of antibiotics. With this you should not have any problem to impregnate your wife. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello - I have had low back pain for about a week, steadily becoming more severe. I cannot bend to put socks on - it hurts in every position. It spreads across my entire lower back equally. I ve been taking muscle relaxers & pain killers, with some relief. What KIND of doctor should I see, so I do not waste time & money?
output: hi kindly consult a orthopedic surgeon or spine surgeon

input: Hi Doctor, My baby is 3 months old . Till now he is taking breast feed milk. In another couple of weeks, my wife need to go to work. Can we give him Lactogen or cow milk ? If so how much dosage we need to give ? Can you please help us on this. Thanks,
output: Breast milk is the best milk followed by formula milk like Nan followed by lactose followed by cows milk. U can store expressed breast milk in fridge and give it to baby in mothers absence. If still needed then supplement with formula milk by wait spoon (no bottle).

input: My 8 year old daughter and her family returned to summit county, co (elevation HIGH!) from NY a few weeks ago and she was having pretty bad nose bleeds for a week. Followed by a week of headaches (still happening) and after school today she told me she was seeing spots and blurred vision in 1 eye....is it time to take her to see her pediatrician
output: Hi,Nose bleed in chil ChatDoctor. 

input: Have taken azithromycin for bronchial asthmatic infection. Taking 250 mg for last 4 days. Have one pill left. My condition is completely better but the med. is causing me to have a bad stomach and a dizzy feeling. Would it do any harm if I didn t take that last pill?
output: Hello,First bronchial asthma is not an infection. It is a condition in which there is spasm of bronchial muscles and air pipe which causes breathing difficulty. Whenever we start any antibiotic, the course should be completed even if you are feeling better before the course gets completed. The reason behind it is if you do not complete the course, the bacteria or infective agent develops resistant to the antibiotic which you didn't complete the course. And next time if you again get the infection by the same infective agent, the antibiotic won't work the next time, and you will need higher antibiotic. So whenever you are put on any antibiotic make sure you complete the course as per prescribed by your doctor. I hope I have given you satisfactory answer. Thank you

input: Hi Respected doctor, My sister in law is 62 years and general medical specialist referred her to cardiologist for stress thalliumtest/debulleaine plus minusCA-RP. She is diabetic for the last 22 years. We consulted the cardiologist who after seeing the history and on going treatment first conducted TMT and then advised and carried out angiography, Angiography report is as underHTN, DMII, CA-DOE, TMT moderately positive(21/03/11) and CAG-Triple VesselDisease(22,03.11)Past History k/c/o DMII 22 yrs on reglar Medicine ,HTN since 20 yrs on regular medicineNo H.o RHD/BA.TB/ other chronicillnessangio graphy report as  followsLmca  normalLAD MID AND DISTA lad-SEVERE CALCIFICATION,LONG TUBULAR 70 PERCENT Stenosis   Ds normalLCX    Co Dominent VesselOMs-OMI-Diffused DiseasedRCA Dominent Vessel- Mid RCA 75 percent stenosis    PLV/PDA-NormalLV ANGIO NOT DONEFINAL DIAGNOSES  CAD, Triple Vessel Disease                             DMII,TMT POSITIVE (MODERATELY)RECOMMENDATION   Stress Thallium for Inducible Ischemia.Now  we are advised to go in for Thallium Test. Kindly advise whether Thallium test only as recommended by medical specialist should have been carried out before  Angiography or the cardiologist has used his discretion as we are laymen and did not know about thallium test . If thallium test was not available in cardiologists clinic/hospital  why he did not refer us to another hospital where Nuclear Science test facility for Thallium test was available. ALso we shall be grateful  for the correct advice at this stage to safeguard the interest of the patient ,.REGARDS
output: After having gone through the reports and the finding of triple vessel disease on coronary angiography, i don't think stress thallium would achieve anything much as far as diagnosis is concerned.  It has probably been advised because TMT has come put to be moderately positive instead of being strongly positive which would be expected with the angiography findings. She mostly needs a coronary area by pass surgery (CABG).

input: hi, about a year ago i took kenalog injection for a keloid on my leg. now, d skin around site of injection is much lighter than my skin (i am dark skinned) and slightly dented. i read it usually reverts with time but i am tired of waiting. is there anything i can do about it? especially d color. thanks
output: Analog contains triamcinolone which is corticosteroid. Local steroid therapy can produce atrophic skin changes such as thinning of the skin, irreversible striae, hypopigmentation and telangiectasia, and even a Chat Doctor. 

input: Why is it that if I believed doctors I would have already been dead three times? Now I have prostate cancer two doctors told me only surgery, and other suggested radiation . I refused all of these, and took two herbs that stopped the symptoms in three weeks that I had for more than a year. Yes, I could die in a couple more years as they expected, but I would rather die than have surgery.
output: Hi, I am extremely sorry to know the condition. I want to assure you that prostate cancer is slowly progressive disease. The treatment depends on the stage. You have not mentioned any detail of investigation. Specially serum PSA, Gleason score, and invasion size and lymph node status to be mentioned. In early stage if life expectancy is more (like more than 10 years or 5 years depending on additional criteria) radical treatment is offered. As they have offered surgery or RT probably your disease is at early stage. Anyway if you do not want surgery then go for radiotherapy. Radiotherapy can be given Dy image guided technique and is non-invasive. Minimal toxicity is there. Adjuvant hormone therapy will be prescribed also. There is a good chance of total tumor control. Consult your radiation oncologist.

input: I feel like I constantly need a wee like someone has put a weight in my bladder and everytime I go to the toilet after a few seconds I m in so much pain that I m nearly crying or make a painful noise and I have to stop myself from weeing. I thought it was just normal after I had sex about 3 weeks ago but it has been on and off a lot since then and it s resulted in me holding in my wee because I don t like going to the toilet
output: Hello, We have to rule out the overactive bladder. Consult a urologist and get evaluated. Detailed evaluation is required including an MRI scan. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Ive been in hospital twice during the last 3 weeks... first they thought it was galstones or blood clot through my lung.  It started with pain in my lower back... felt like the start of labour... then it moved to the front over my liver and I had some stabbing pain too.... the to just below my sternum (very sore when I breath in ).... then I also had pain in my right shoulder and up the right ride of my neck. They could not find blood clots or galstones.... my bloods seemed normal except for CRP 92 and D-dimer 663 and after the third test they told me my liver function was slightly off...Bili 12, ALP102,GGT43,ALT61, CRP 11. By week two the pain was much less and they send me home with antibiotics.  Now another week on.... I feel like something get stuck under my ribs - feels like when a baby pushes with his feet against it (not sore, but pressure).... I also get a feeling of movement in my stomach from time to time... again like when you are pregnant... I am not!!!  Had my period a week ago.... and I am 46.  They also found a haemangioma in my liver during the scan, but said it was small and could not have caused the pain (1-2cm). I am worried about this... something is not right.
output: Hello, Welcome at Chat Doctor. I have read details of your question. As per your details, it looks to be a pain due to gall bladder problem. There can be inflammation of gall bladder which is not detected by other investigations. At present, you should have HIDE scan. This is a test which is able to detect the dysfunction of gall bladder, which may be the reason for your pain. Hope this will help you. With best wishes.

input: My screening of whole spine report is screening sagittal T2 weighted image through cervical spine reveal mild changes of spondylosis . C5-6 disc show posterior protrusion. C4-5 & C6-7 discs reveal mild diffuse posterior bulge. Screening sagittal T2 weighted images through lumbar spine reveal mild changes of spondylosis . There is small posterior protrusion of L3-4 disc.L4-5 disc show right paracentral bulge. My lower back & legs have pain.Can you tell what to do to stop pain
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I have noted your complaints and MRI spine findings. I would like to reassure you that these abnormalities are minor and do not represent any serious neurological disease. For pain relief, you can take pregabalin or gabapentin capsules. In addition, physiotherapy with IT/ultrasound and neck extension exercises would also help. In some cases, epidural injections are required for pain relief. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: hello sir , we have unprotected sex on 15th apr night , 16th morning and night, my last period date was on 5th apr, kindly advice can i go for ipill as i have taken the same before 2 months ago and felt lower abdominal pain for a long tym or should i wait for my nex period
output: Hello misunderstand your concerns think you have to take the pill to prevent the unwanted pregnancy as you did sex around the time of ovulation as sperm live in the female genital tract for the 4-5 days. So I advise you take I pill, You can also take postinor-2 or unwanted 72. You should to take as early as possible after sex or with in 72 hours after the sex. If you have pain then take analgesic like metal spas. Chat Doctor. Period may be delayed or earlier after taking pill. Hope this may help noncontact further Chat Doctor for any health issue. Best regards

input: I am 73 years old female. I have been diagnosed with lupus but in the past few months I have become almost immobile due to painful joints and a very stiff body. It is painful anytime I try to bend or move. My entire body is one complete sore, painful, stiff mess and I have no idea what is going on.
output: Hi painful arthritis is part of Lupus. It needs same treatment as for Lupus, more intensified. Please see your doctor about this--regards

input: I broke my wrist 3 weeks ago today (compression fracture) and my fingers are still swollen and it cracks a lot. Is this normal? I have not taken any pain medication and by far am not a baby about pain, but I would say this is most often very uncomfortable.
output: Hi, As mentioned in history about the compression fracture, were you in the cast for 3 days? If so then this is just weakness of the muscles and will become better with simple exercise of the hand and wrist. Using hot water fermentation for relaxing the muscle will be also helpful before the exercises. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: i am just trying to report something that happened to me upon taking flexiril. 2 days after beginning to take it, I pulled a muscle in my right lower back while doing virtually nothing. 4 days later, I was feeling better then I pulled the muscle in my lower left back. again, for doing almost nothing. It has now been over 2 weeks and I am still recovering. I am worried that this might be my new normal state. If so, I am screwed. I quit taking the drug and my recovery has been extremely slow. I don t know if anyone else has had similar problems.
output: Hello, As a tablet, Flexeril is also a muscle relaxant, but your symptoms not relieved. You can take tablet Myosins D instead of that. Along with that, you continue with physiotherapy as advised. Take rest for some days. You can do an x-ray back or MRI back after consultation. You can apply Diclofenac gel or Voting spray. I will suggest you review here with detailed history or consult with the orthopedic with reports. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My husband is 60 yrs ols and has been suffering from fatigue and being very cold all the time. He looks like he lost weight also. He coaches ice hockey(28) yrs. And can t tolerate the cold. I am wondering how concerned we should be. He is only on cholesterol medication.
output: Hello,,, at 60 yrs fatigue with loss of weight, is a point of concern. You need to have him tested for diabetes and thyroid straight away. Then a general health check for not so common problems. Also, let him stop the cholesterol tablets for a month and see how he feels. This tablet can cause muscle pains which may be interpreted as weakness. Also, consider adding It D, Vitamin B1B6B12 along with Zinc as tablets. A general health check up with an X-ray chest would be essential.

input: I am currently suppose to be taking 2 10mg pills daily but honestly I feel it is of no help. I don t want it to seem as if I have mental issues so I feel kinda wiry about going into details with my Dr. about how I feel most of the time. I feel and am sure my family would agree that I spend a lot of time sleeping but Im afraid to tell my Dr. to up my dosage. What do I do?
output: HI Welcome on Chat Doctor , I can understand your feelings kindly feel free to share here your feelings mental symptoms express your feelings openly we are here to help you we will guide you because we understand your concern Hence, Kindly share with us symptoms and your mental feelings here to understand your problem. Thanks

input: I just noticed recently that the small of my back looks pretty bruised, and isnt straight. there is pretty noticeable curvature just in that spot! My left side hurts from my spine all the way around to the front on my left side from top to hip bone. And I have some kind of swollen lumps behind my right ear along the bottom of my hairline, and they hurt. I can feel it when I turn my head, and I can not press on that whole area behind the right ear into the back of the neck..
output: Hello, Firstly swelling behind your right ear may be postauricular lymph nodes. It may be due to ear infection or any infection in the surrounding area and scalp. Secondly regarding the spine, there may be any intervertebral disc prolapse with bony degeneration. Most probably Spot spine is a possibility.

input: My mother is 74 and had a splenectomy during colon cancer surgery 20 years ago. She now has diabetes and I ve read some research that says the spleen produces stem cells that help the pancreas. Her diabetes is not under control and they ve prescribed victoza, which is making her sick. Should I be worried about this new drug?
output: Hello,Victoza is an approved  ChatDoctor.  So I think she is having a good 

input: Hello, on the left side of my mouth my gums are swollen inbetween two teeth and the whole left side of my gums are red and tender. The lining of my gums hurt and there is white lines. Also underneath my jaw (i think it is my glands) hurt to touch. What could this be and should I see and doctor or a dentist? Thank you for your help. I am really worried this is the beginning stages of mouth cancer . I am scared because I did smoke on and off for 7 years. I am 23 now.
output: Hellion the basis of your dental history these white lines could be white precancerous lesion like leukoplakia. But proper clinical diagnosis and biopsy will confirm edit.I would advise advice you to show this to an oral pathologist and get a biopsy done .please maintain your oral hygiene. Use mouthwash twice daily and get cleaning of your teeth done since you are a smoker. Plz give up smoking because this will worsen the condition. Have high nutrition diet.

input: Hello, I had dry cough and I was coughing continuously, Went to nearest medicine shop and told the symptom to the concerned person he gave me Almox 500 after consuming coughing has subsided but acute running nose has started. Is this because of medicine that I have consumed???
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No, your symptom of running nose is not due to Almost tablet. Almost is amoxicillin. It is penicillin group of antibiotic. It does not cause running nose. You are mostly having viral upper respiratory tract infection (URI). This is the cause for your cough and running nose. So better to Chat Doctor. 

input: after finishing a 3 1/2 oz bottle of formula and after burping him, my 4 week old son seemed to be dry heaving or like he was trying to cough up a hairball like a cat. it didn t phase him at all but scared the heck out of me. Should i be concerned?
output: Hi...if the baby is comfortable you need not worry at all. Usually some babies try to regurgitate the feeds soon after feeding. This is physiological. You need to worry only if the babies weight gain is not appropriate. Regards - 

input: Hi doctor, good evening. My mother (92yrs) has this artritis-like 2 lumps (5mm high each) on first joint of her right middle finger, pain on touch. What are the precautions, what to take, or rub, to relief the pain, and therapy? Is voltaren gel advisable or can you please suggest anything else I can do or give her? Do voltaren gel and oral type can cause the same side effects and adverse reactions? Thank you Christina
output: Hi, Thank you for providing the brief history of you mom. A thorough musculoskeletal assessment is advised. As she is 92, I will advise to undergo physical therapy, as by the use of therapeutic ultrasound therapy the inflammation will be reduced. Since due to arthritis the joints get swollen, also with little of strengthening exercises like pressing the ball should help her. In my clinical practice I see geriatrics and 99% of times, physical therapy helps them to be functionally active and avoid much of the pain and aches due to systemic illness. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I thought I sprained my ankle badly week and a half ago and did the RICE therapy. On Monday I saw an orthopedist who said I had actually fractured my fibula and put me in an air cast. She said I could walk without crutches on the cast and that my swelling would go down. My foot is still swollen, but the troubling thing is that in the past 2 days I have gotten extremely light headed and felt like I was going to faint (this has never happened before). This has happened after long periods of walking/moving around. Could this be related to my ankle?
output: Hello, What I would say is this nowhere related to the fracture of the fibula.  Next thing I would like to know are you on any medications? If so please check this could be related to that. Also, what is your age? Are you on any High blood pressure medication? Are you diabetic? If the above one doesn't fit your category than this should be just having weakness of the body and nothing else. For swelling, I would advise you to keep the leg elevated over a pillow at most times because you have a cast applied and also there is very less mobility, so there will be an obvious chance of reduced venous return. Keeping the leg elevated helps more. Try having Lemon juice with added auger and pinch of salt for dizziness. Rest assured, you should do well.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Last night I noticed a small red patch on the shaft of my penis and a small bump barely 2x2 mm. Its been 5 days since I last had sex which was protected. The red mark is slightly irritating though I think it might just be due to my own periodic self examinations. The surface around the bump is sometimes shiny as if moist. The seems no bigger then a nodule for a hair but I can see any hair coming from it and Im not sure if its an ingrown or not.
output: HelloThanks for query. Red patch with small bumps on glans penis after having protected sex is mostly due allergic reaction to chemicals in condom used as lubricant. You need to take broad spectrum antibiotic like Definite along with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Along with topical steroid cream of combination of antibiotic and steroid like Newsprint H for local application twice daily. Ensure to wash your genitals with warm water twice daily. Ensure to avoid sexual encounters till it heals up completely.

input: hi,i have recently discovered that i have klebsiella spp, after having a complete digestive stool analysis done.  i have suffered badly with diaharreh for 2 years and 6 doctors later i have been given cefaclor monohydrate 375mg twice a day to treat it.  after taking it for 10days i was again sick so went back and saw another doctor (as mine was away on hollies)  this doctor then told me that i would need to take it a lot longer than 10 days.  Im confused and not sure how long i should be on it.  Im scared if i dont have them long enough i wont kill this bacteria bug off. Help! Kim
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Usually Klebsiella bacteria are pathogenic in the respiratory tract and urinary tract but not on the GIT or diarrhea. We can count these bacteria as a communal flora of the intestine and can ignore its presence in the stool. So in my opinion you should not take the Chat Doctor. Pathology for diarrhea may be something different and so can be diagnosed and treated accordingly.Maybe you have taken the long-lasting antibiotics that has washed of your communal flora. I advise you to take the probiotics like Lactobacillus spore. This help replaces the flora and can help in prevention of diarrhea. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/

input: Hi, On Friday my mid-back started to hurt on the right side of my spine . The length of the pain would be about 4 inches along my spine. Since Friday, it has gradually gotten worse to where it is swollen (to the right of my spine on the mid side) and hurts to move in any way. At first, I tried heating pads but they didn t seem to help. Ice seems to feel good on it when using it now. The only thing that takes the severe pain away is Tylenol but when it wears off the severe pain comes back. I m not aware of anything that would have caused this. I was doing physical activity on Wednesday and thought it could have been related, but I didn t feel any pain in my back until Friday and since it has gotten worse I m unsure it is just a muscle pull. Any thoughts to what I might have or what might help? Thanks
output: Consult a doctor preferably spine specialist and don`t treat yourself and yes rest till then

input: hi, i have pain in upper abdomen. my doctor said that i have duodenal ulcers. i didnt get any tests done. i have been taking medicine (cyra-systopic) . but the pain did not subside. I had my periods . m really worried. now because the pain has not gone. what tests should i get done..
output: Hi, Before concluding duodenal ulcer ultrasound or gastrostomy of abdomen is advisable. There might be having gastritis or hyper acidity.Sometimes some cardiac ailment gives this type of pain so Go for EKG and rule out

input: hi, im michelle and im 20, ive had a stroke 3 years ago and now im wearing a walk aid on my right leg. however, the right side is affected and i cant feel anything. although, recently, my right heel hurts. i did some research and the two that popped out the most is the heel busitis and heel spur. usually its fine in the morning but then it right leg and heel hurts like crazy. should isee a doctor or possibly take some treatments. what do you think?
output: Hi, as mentioned by you the brief history of you I will recommend to first take an x-ray and confirm that it's a spur. Also, post that your physician may help with treatment which will help ease the symptoms. Next to understand is that this spur once confirmed needs an attention by doing some exercises for feet and also getting a shoe insole. Which will help further to avoid the pain and reduce the inflammation.regards. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I am concerned about my sons swollen axillary lymph node. It is 1cm in size, movable, soft but has been there for 2 1/2 months.  The doctor has said there is no need for biopsy, as it is small ,not getting bigger and there are no other prominent nodes. His CBC shows a normal WBC profile but his RBC is microcytic, hypo chromic. His eosinophils are about 10 times normal . He has been given worm medicine and has been on a course of iron therapy for 2 months but the follow up blood work still shows no change. Should the lymph node be biopsied?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The axillary lymph nodes filter the lymph from the arm, chest wall and breast. It is often difficult to feel normal axillary lymph nodes. Not all enlarged axillary lymph nodes feel the same. Axillary lymph nodes may swell from an injury or infection to the arm or hand. A rare cause of axillary swelling may be breast cancer or lymphoma. I would suggest you to take your son to pediatrician for physical examination and to find out the reason for the palpable axillary lymph node. Thank you.

input: 33 male. frequent bubbling sensation under my testicle or scrotum area? No Pain.?  have been having issues of erectile dysfunction all of a sudden for last few months which has been a source of stress of lately. Prior to this never had any issues with erection ever. in fact i have had sex continuously for an 1/2 to hour on average. but all of a sudden ? i am a bit scared and embarrassed. not diabetic
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Such a feeling is common in hernia. I suspect that you are having a hernia and content of which is the intestine. That is why bumbling sound is hearing. If the hernia is obstructing the content coming in between like spermatic cord its vessel than it may cause the erection problem. In my advice you should examine yourself with the nearby surgeon, and you can also diagnose your self with the USG examination. This will reveal the correct pathology and can be cured thereafter. Till that time you can avoid heavy exercise, the work which causes pressure on abdomen can also be avoided. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: I have had a problem with my right foot for about 10 years now and no one has been able to help. My foot will start to itch so bad that I can t stand it, and when I do scratch it the skin comes off and it s like little blisters are under my skin. Once I get the blisters to pop it doesn t itch anymore. Can you tell me what it is or what I can do to stop it?
output: Hi, It appears from your problem that you have fungal infection of the right foot. It is quite common to find blisters if the infection goes deeper. You can apply Clotrimazole cream and can take fluconazole on alternate days for next one month of period. Alternatively terminating cream can be applied, and terminating tablet van be taken by mouth.

input: I have been diagnosed last week for Viral Jaundice . My bilrubin total is 3.26 & SGPT 331. Can I eat Pista and Banana? My age is 35. I have diabetes since 2006. Last week I have done my HBA1C test and my result is 7.
output: Hi Havana, It appears that your liver enzymes are returning to normal limits gradually. Do Get back to your anti-diabetic Chat Doctor.  Wish you a speedy recoveryTake care

input: My baby boy is 11 months old. For the last 3 weeks, he has been developing a rash (like mosquito bite as it starts with tiny dot and while going it leaves a black pigment mark, which usually feds away in one day). The rash occurs every 2 or 3 days. What can be the cause?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. Possibly chemical induced rash from clothes. Look for any relation with specific food, environment or clothes.2. Location of rash is important to correlate. Food could be generalized, whereas others will be localized.3. Apply calamine lotion locally and if excessive redness then antihistamine syrup can be given. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: Sakshi bajoria Female 33 years, Suffering from acute stomach ache for last 4 days, despite on regulalar medication like Ornidazol oflaxacin, pantaprazole, ulgel A. developed symptom of burning sensation and acute pain in upper portion of stomach after taking alangesic Flexilor - Lornoxicam  for pain relif spondolytis. Please advice suitable treatment
output: Greetings, After going through your history I can understand the concern you have regarding the disease condition of yours.my advice is to withhold T.lornoxicam for time being and make sure that you are taking pantoprazole tablet twice daily before food. These symptoms of stomach pain(sudden onset), burning sensation is suggestive of analgesic induced gastritis.my advice is to Chat Doctor. Gelusil (antacid) 2teaspoon Thrice daily.consult general surgeon and get appointment for endoscopy if symptoms persists. I would be glad to provide answers to any further queries. Thanks for using Chat Doctor Have a good day! Regards,

input: Last night after dinner I was extremely tired and then all of the sudden I became lightheaded and felt I was going to faint. My heart was beating so fast I felt like it was about to fall out of my chest. This all lasted for about 15 min. I was close to dialing 911 but didn t. Instead I put a cold cloth on my neck and took deep breaths which seemed to help but I was terrified! My dad has had heart attacks and now has a pace maker and heart problems do run on my dad s side of the family. I m 35 years old -female. Do you think it was just a panic attack? I ve never experienced anything like this before. Should I make an apt for a physical? Or what type of doc. should I go see? Today my chest seems a little sore.
output: Hello, It was probably a temporarily lowered blood pressure after eating and this was followed by a panic attack. I think that if these issues repeat you should see your primary care Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello sir.. My uncle is 32yrs old.. He is suffering from jaundice (billirubin level-7.81). We are surprised to know that he is having typhoid too.. Please suggest the diet that should be given in order to cure these diseases & to get rid of fever that relapses every night... Please help me..
output: Hi I would advise the following.1. Admission to hospital under general surgeon.2. IV fluid therapy depending upon the need.3. Antibiotic specific to typhoid.4. Supportive care till bilirubin levels start falling.5. Soft bland diet rich in carbs but low in protein and fats.6. Close monitoring of blood investigationsRegards

input: Can I Yeast infection cause pink discharge on the toilet paper after wiping. There is no blood in the urine. I am taking Rocephin 2 g IV and have the last two weeks with six more days to go. I had a mild uti when I was in the hospital but was being treated for bacteremia.
output: Hello, THX to contact us. If I am your treating doctor I would like to advice you that that yeast infection won't cause pink discharge. In fact any fungal infection won't cause pink discharge it may be something else. It may be bleeding that gives you pinkish tinge. Such things may happen in severe Urinary tract infection. If you suspect fungal infection I advise you should go for Grams staining, culture and sensitivity from the discharge. If you have anything else to ask please contact me. Than. Chat Doctor

input: hi doc , last march i lost my 9week baby ,babies hv no heart beats after DNC i took clomid for 2 week but not successful then my doc gave me ovulation injections and then that was successful for me i had one mature follicle from that and she gave me ChatDoctor injection to release from that im having period like cramps occationally now today my period is coming exactlyy what happened ? i want baby pls advise
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Formation of follicle is not confirmatory of pregnancy. There are many other factors also present which are responsible for fertilization. You need to have a follicle in every cycle for at least six months to have a successful pregnancy. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: I have been having horrible nightmares very frequently for a few months now. but I have suffered on and off throughout my life. I remember these dreams in great detail. and awake feeling very fearful and i usually stay that way sometimes for days. Sometimes i cannot even go outside after dark.  I also have episodes where i know i am awake and i can hear everything going on around me but i cannot move or open my eyes for quite sometimes. Why?
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor Nightmare is usually related to unconscious mind and content in nightmare shows the response of our mind. If you have any stress, then that would show in your Chat Doctor.  In that case, either you can try some relaxation exercise or some low dose benzodiazepine to get sound sleep. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: hi,my son is 9 years old and has been ill for over a month.we have been back and forth to doctors and hospitals but they dont have a diagnosis. he has had 2 lots of blood tests over the last 5 weeks both showing a high ALT reading,the first time it was around 270 and the last one it had come down to about 160 and his white blood cells were high. his symptoms are still the same as they were at the start of all this.his symptoms are: tiredness aching no appetite raised lymph nodes everywhere general unwell feeling mottled looking skin we are getting very worried and no one can seems to be helping.we dont know what to do and he is not getting better. he is usually such an active child but he hasnt been able to do anything and we want help for him and we cant do anything for him. please help us lambros and jodi
output: Hi...the elevated ALT is not worrying me, but the swollen, lymph nodes along with high WBC count and loss of appetite is more worrying. I suggest you work up in line of a blood related neoplasm or disorder. Please approach your pediatrician regarding this. Regards - 

input: Hi. I am 23 years old, and very rarely drink alcohol (every 2-3 months) the last couple of times I have consumed alcohol, within 15 minutes I have suffered severe upper right chest pains. This happened last night after half a glass of wine - and the chest pains lasted through the night. Along with this I was unable to sleep as suffered a serious chill. Should I be worried?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are mostly having alcohol induced HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease). Alcohol causes laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms of chest pain. So better to avoid alcohol. Start proton pump inhibitors and prokinetic Chat Doctor.  Avoid stress and tension. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: i have been in and out of emergency rooms since 2002 and they all keep telling me the same thing,that i have anxiety .i stay light headed and nauseated,never have an appetite and have lots of chest tightness to where i cant sleep because i am scared if i do i will die in my sleep,it just keeps getting worse i dont know what to do,what could it be.
output: Hi, Rubi, multiple visits for same complains and nothing found indicates that you might be suffering from depression. Please talk help of your doctor and get treated for same. At times due to some chemical changes in brain you thoughts become negative, and you tend to mind the smaller things which otherwise might not carry any value. So please take help you will be fine.bye.

input: hi, My age is 44 years and I have been undergoing infertility treatment for past 6 months. I have done IUI in Oct but no results. Next cycle was put on medicines and after 44 days my legs started to swell. Had met the doctor and she advised for tests and all tests normal. My endometrium is 13mm thick and one folicule is available now in right ovary. pls advise why my legs are swollen and any effect of thick endometrium?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  The causes of the swelling of the feet are hypovitaminosisB, anemia, heart failure, etc. I advise you to consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment.  In such a health condition, with one mature follicle, the chances of conception are very less, still you can try.  Take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods, to provide relief of some conditions.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.

input: Yes, just wondering if I took an allergy pill before having a couple drinks would help me because as soon as I touch alcohol to my lips I get itchy and its very uncomfortable and it aggravates my eczema.  This all started after my second child was born as I had no problem drinking before and I enjoy the odd glass of wine... please help!
output: From you history it is clear that you are suffering from an allergic condition particularly when taking alcohol. For this you need not worry worry much. You just can take an anti-allergic Chat Doctor.  You can also test your blood for absolute eosinophil count which is specific investigation for an allergic condition.

input: Hello my Liver test ALT was 112. I drink a few beers on weekends. I m 49.. I don t drink on week nights. Now back way when in my youngest days I was a party-er. But now I m just a weekend beer and grill person. I am over weight 5 7 about 232.. I m walking 2 miles a day cut back on what I eat..My concern is could this be from drinking or weight. Is it something to panic about?
output: Hello, The life liver enzymes could be due to both alcohol and weight. I would suggest you get blood tests for hepatitis B and C as both these can cause raised enzymes in case they are negative I would suggest completely stopping alcohol and repeat liver enzymes after 6 to 8 weeks. The levels are not alarmingly high but if not controlled can lead to permanent liver damage in the future. Hope this helped get back in case you have further queries Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: This may seem pretty silly, well it is very silly but I m a bit paranoid.. I fingered my girlfriend today, but then I had to adjust myself, I didn t touch my penis, I adjusted it over my pants, I was wearing two layers (briefs and shorts) I didn t feel any precum on my pants but in the moment I may not have, and then used my fingers to well go at it again... I doubt there was any precum on my fingers as I don t think it could get through two layers of cloth but in case it did what are the chances of her getting pregnant..? I don t generally have a lot of precum, the usual drop or two Please help, I m just a little freaked out
output: Hi, There is no chance of pregnancy in your case as you described your act. You are on both brief and pant. You did finger your girlfriend without touching to penis. If you have touched penis then also extremely fewer sperm can attach to finger. By fingering, sperm can not enter in to vagina. Sperm require seminal fluid as a liquid medium for movement inside uterus. To become pregnant, penetrative sexual intercourse with or without ejaculation during fertile period of cycle is required. Use condom in future to prevent unwanted pregnancy. Avoid stress, take healthy diet, Chat Doctor. Hope this may help you. Contact further if follow up needed. Best regards,

input: hi, I am 18 years old, 140 lbs. On monday I had the roots of my dental implants done, and it pains me to wear the retainer. everyday I try to put the retainer in hoping that it won t hurt and i ll be able to leave it on. But the pain hasn t faded and I m worried my teeth will shift. What should I do?
output: Hello, It's not a good sign to have pain after getting an implant in our jaw. The pain can occur for a day or two but if it is prolonged it could be a sign of infection. However in your case, you mentioned you wear retainers- that is one of the possible cause of pain. You are not supposed to wear retainers for at least two weeks till the gums over the implant heal well. Or if it is too important then your retainers must be lined by a "soft tissue liners" which will prevent any trauma to the underlying gums when you wear the retainer. it's not a good idea to wear retainer in post surgical phase. Avoid for two weeks and consult your dentist. Let him do a clinical examination and take an x-ray of the area. Be cautious if you see "pus" coming out. that's a sign of infection. Must go back to your dentist and talk. Good luck. 

input: had abscess lanced which left 5cm wound. conflicting instructions from nurse and doctor.  Nurses wanted to pack and doctors did not.  What is right procedure.  Now nurses will not pack as they claim wound is closing.  They have been cleaning and dressing for one week.
output: Hi, To put packing in abscess pocket can be decided by your doctor seeing the condition of the wound. If there is no recollection of pus in abscess pocket and growing of good granulation is formed then there might not require any pack. With opening of Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.

input: I had I pill on 28th December then I got my periods on 7jan  then again I had ipill on 15jan n on 21st got my periods n on 4th feb had intercourse didnt take I pill now today is 19feb still my periods have not started n again I took ipill now when my periods r expected
output: Hello, Firstly, let me tell you that you have misused the emergency pill and put it into too much use. An emergency pill is meant to be used only a couple of times a year; else, it can lead to catastrophic patterns of menstruation. Since you have attained menstruation which was indeed a with Chat Doctor.  Emergency contraception can be of use only when used soon after an intercourse and not at any part of the cycle. In the current scenario, I would suggest seeing a specialist if you do not see a period in the next two weeks; get a pregnancy test and plan further management. In the future, please go for some form of regular contraception and do not use emergency pills so frequently. Hope this helps.

input: I was treated for cellulitis (Staph) on my arm two weeks ago with antibiotics via IV as an inpatient for four days, then 10 days of oral antibiotics.  The swelling has gone down but now I have a painful, hard bump on my elbow.  Is it possibly a pus pocket?
output: Hi, If the area of the bump is warm, tender to touch, red and has a fluid consistency then it could be a pus pocket the medical term for which is an abscess. It would require Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query.

input: Approximately 4 days ago all of a suuden I felt my top lip start to swell that it went numb. A few days later the same thing happened on the right bottom lip. Moments later it moved from my right bottom to the left bottom. Nothing has happened agin within the past three days.
output: Hello, In my opinion, an allergic reaction may cause issues such as yours. The cause may be anything from flowers, dust, Chat Doctor.  So, possible allergies should be evaluated with skin tests in order to get a correct diagnosis. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: HI Doctor! I m taking Cipro for a UTI and I m on my 5 day. This is the first time I ve had a UTI and I don t know if there s side effects to CIpro. I feel like after all this time I should be feeling better yet even though I m not running to the ladies room I still feel the urge to urinate. I also feel pressure and weakness in my pelvic area and lower limbs. I was going to go back to my doctor on Monday but should I not wait till then with these symptoms. Thank you.
output: Hello, Yes, you can take Cipro twice daily for 5 to 7 days. This is very effective Chat Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: i am 32 yrs i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes i get regular checks my doc says it is controlled i am on 1/2 daonil per day but i just started taking minigynon  over a 3 wk period and now my blood pressure has increased  and i was never hypertensive could this be a result from the pill
output: Dear Mrs, There is a little possibility that your medication can cause high blood pressure. Sometimes they can cause high blood pressure in the beginning of the treatment but blood pressure normalizes after some time. So, don't panic. If blood pressure is not more than 150/90, try lifestyle changes for 3 months, cut the amount of salt intake and exercise regularly. Take care

input: I have a blister on my nipple. I am 19 weeks pregnant. Before pregnancy I had black discharge coming out of this nipple as well. The doctor did an ultrasound on my breast (before I was pregnant) and said he had no concerns at the time. Now that I m pregnant I am still getting black discharge and I now have what seems like a blister right beside my nipple. What should I do?
output: Hi. Blisters on the nipples or around them (in the areolar region), most commonly occur due to 2 reasons, either due to friction (from clothing, sexual activity, etc.; or what we call a milk blister which occurs while breastfeeding. As for the black nipple discharge, this could be associated with a hematoma in the breast, an abscess, etc.; and will require more concrete investigations into finding the cause as you will soon have to breastfeed. Best wishes.

input: hi doc am 26 years old i had chicken pox one week ago bt now the sores are dying away however i discovered some swelling on my testicles and am worried. could this be due to the chicken pox, I use calamine lotion as well as i was on antiviral drugs. thanks
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Yes chicken pox infection can spread to testicle and result in its inflammation known as orchids. Firstly to confirm it need to do a sonography of both testicles immediately and immediately if there is inflammation should follow up with a surgery doctor for consultation Hope I answered your queriesThanks and regards. Be healthy

input: When Im sitting around at times my seamen comes out not voluntarily. Not mucChatDoctores out but I am getting very worried. My penis is also becoming sensitive in terms of touch I also getting a slight sensation on my legs. Im over 25 and never had sex. I might not be on the computer in the next 10 minutes, if you reply after that then please email to  YYYY@YYYY
output: HI, I can understand your concern for your symptoms, It can be due to premature ejaculation, you can rule out for diabetes, testosterone, thyroid. I Hope I have answered your query. If you have further doubts, I would be happy to help you. Happy day

input: sir, i am 25yrs old girl. Last year I suffered from viral fever for one week in which i lost my weight for about 6 kgs. Later hair fall and acne has been started. My TSChatDoctore 5.50 whereas T3 and T4 are normal. should i go for thyroid treatment or not? Should I prefer homeopathy for it or allopathy? Whether I will have to take the medicine for my lifetime? Kindly reply
output: Hi and thank you so much for this query. I am so sorry to hearing about this high TSH levels and the hair loss. However, I will suggest that you get this value controlled again since it has been over a year. If it should remain higher than normal, I will suggest that you strongly consider getting treated for hypothyroidism.  Chat Doctor.  Homeopathy measures can accompany the treatment and not constitute the main stem. I hope you find this helpful. I wish you the best of health. Thank you so much for using our services and dew feel free to request for more information if need be.

input: I fake my emotions all of them other then anger Nothing makes me happy or sad or worried honestly I fake my feelings to see what would the person Im talking to with feel or say Im always lieing I can never tell the full true last week my friend was annoyed that guy hit on her so I faked that I was mad and talked to the guy infornt of her just to make her like me more which she did not after she got mad at me I cant even remember last time I laughed from heart or enjoyed something I just do stuff for no reason
output: Personality disorders stem from biological vulnerability to feeling emotions more intensely than others, combined with a stressful environment. Please remember to rate and close this answer thread when you are finished and satisfied. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly at my private web ad Chat Doctor.  After you ask a direct question, it would be my pleasure to be your dedicated personal physician on this website. My name is 

input: sir my i have recently got my sperms, only 15 percent are alive, 40 percent are sluggish and rest were found dead  .   110 million sperm count in 2 ml, colour yellow,i was married two years back........i got married at the age of 29 , till this age i had a strong desire of sex but i could,t have the right one for that,so i used wrong ways and lost my strength , my pennis is now so sluggish and sometimes does not show erection while i am with my spouse................i have no baby after two years which is a big problem.....please help me and suggest me some medicine...plz     my wife, s wieght is more than 90 kg...she has often feels irrugularity in periods and a white secretion mostly comes out from her urine place.........she had the same past like me.........plz suggest some medicine for us both so that we may be parents...i feel mental and body weakness severly,same is the case with my wife too...plz suggest
output: Hello, It is sad that both of you are showing infertility factors. First thing is got over this depression and try to find a good doctor for your wife and yourself. She may visit a gynecologist to regularize her periods and then start ovulation causing medicines. AS per you, see a urologist who can prescribe something for your faltering sperm counts. If things don't turn up well after a year or so, you may opt for IVF. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: i had tonsillitis for a week got put on penicillan and the last day of my antibiotics i noticed a rash on my neck and chest, went to docs he said come back if gets worse gave me anti histemeans.It is now on my face right down to my feet. what could it be???? and should i go back to the doctors???
output: Hi, It may be Chat Doctor. .may be due to penicillin. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. Apply mild steroid cream on the rash. Take antihistamines like tab. Cetirizine 10 mg daily. And if needed, you may take oral steroid in tampering doses. Hope this helps.

input: I am a 76 yr old woman with PD.....some cognetive problems....slight depression..periodicaly...   I find my self singing-humming 85percent of the time.   Nearlly uncontrolable......Is this a mental health thing.....I live alone, have never been a singer......
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. In your case, self humming of songs are not at all a mental health thing. Instead, it is clearly healthy. We often ask people with mental problems to sing or hum songs which they like. Such an exercise keeps their mind away from unnecessary thinking and thereby other related mental troubles. Means, you are healthy otherwise and do not relate the humming with mental illness. Actually it is entertaining. Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: hi doctor, am dilip kumar.,, my sister in la affected for Recurrent demylienation ... she getting pain day by day increasing, while taking steroid she better few month after again getting pain .. this happening from 2 years.. so please help me what we do cure this disease ...
output: HIT hanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor.  Declination can occur due to some treatable causes and sometimes due to untreatable causes.  First the diagnosis has to be made. What is the cause of declination has to be evaluated. Has it been done ? If so kindly let me know the diagnosis. If your doctors are not still clear of cause of declination then kindly upload the tests done till now so that I can go through them and let you know what else needs to be done for the diagnosis.  Treatment can be advised only once we come to diagnosis. Hope you find this information useful. Any clarifications or Queries feel free to ask.

input: i am treated for minimal PTB f 3 years ago, nom im apllying for a working visa ni saudi Arabia, before undergoing for the medical exam of an agency, i went to the see a pulmonologist and have xrayed, the result is just a scar on my lungs..would i pass the medical exam? how will i get rid of the scar?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. To have lung scars after treatment of tuberculosis is normal healing phenomenon. These scars are inactive, harmless, noninfectious lesions. So no treatment is required for this and no treatment is available today remove them. But for visa clearance, we need to prove that these lesions are not active and infectious. For this, you need to get done CT thorax and bronchoscopy with BAD (bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis. CT is more superior in diagnosis of scar lesion as compare to chest x-ray. If both these are negative for active infection, you can argue with visa authority that these lesions are old, healed, scarred lesions and not active, infectious lesions. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I streched on my bed, and while i was doing that i tipped my head back and yawned. something in my neck popped and the pain was so strong i could not move my jaw or speak. I went to take a tylenol and i felt a pop and it went back in place. it is still hurting but is managable. the lump occured on the right side of my neck where doctors check to see if you have swelling or irritation when you are sick. lump is really puffy now. should i be worried or will i be all right?
output: Hello, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to location of the temporomandibular joint, which seems to have been corrected by itself.  I recommend avoiding excessive mouth opening or chewing hard food in the next days.  In the case of pain, ibuprofen can help. Anyway, nothing serious seems to be going on.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have brief sharp stabbing pain and random twinges of pain on the right side lower part of my abdomen and I would like to know what the most likely causes are. They said there are no ovarian cysts on the right side what else could it be? The symptoms don t really fall under the stereotypical appendicitis category. Help?
output: Hi. Read and understood that you have pain in the right lower abdomen. They have ruled out ovarian cysts and you don't feel it to be classical appendicitis. The causes can be :Colitis meaning inflation of the large bowel. Nephritis of cecum Lymph node mass Irritable bowel syn Chat Doctor.  It looks that you have undergone Ultrasonography, it does not show many of the problems I mentioned, hence yes need of contrast enhanced CT scan of the whole abdomen. And also needed are proper investigations of blood, urine and stool as guided by a general surgeon after clinical evaluation. This way a proper diagnosis will be made and a curative treatment done.

input: Hi, I am trying to conceive. And have been for about a year. I have 25 day cycle, which regular, and having intercourse during my fertile week. However, nothing has happened as of yet. I have had chlamydia (which went undiagnosed for at least 1 1/2 - 2 years) as well as BV. I am wondering if I may have PID now and if so, what are the symptoms? And what are the treatments for it as I would love to become a mommy before my 30s (I am currently 27). Thanks.
output: HAI, In PID you will likely to have lower abdominal pain, especially on either side of your bladder, even tender, and sometimes you may have dysphonia, pain during intercourse and pain during vaginal examination when your doctor moving your cervix. If you don't have all these symptoms you may unlikely to have PID. CHLAMYDIA can be treated by DOXYCYCLINE capsules for a period of two weeks. Your sexual partners also should be treated simultaneously. Otherwise, it is useless. PID may lead to bilateral block of your Fallopian tubes and may lead to infertility. So check yourself for pat-ency of your tubes either by laparoscopy or though Hysto-salphingogram. If it is cleared you'll become a mother. Good luck.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello Doctor, For the past years i have been have a nasal allergy . I use to get this Allergy in my Nose once in a week. I use to get continuous sneezing and my nose will be very heavy. When i puy my head down, water flows down from it. I use to have a Cetrizine and i will get releaved of this Nasal allergy in few hours. can you please advice me a permanent treatment for this. Thanks
output: HiT hanks for your query. Dear from your history it seems to me that you are suffering from allergic rhinitis. You may use nasal Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I started taking Hydrocodon-Acetaminophin 10-325 yesterday evening after a procedure.  I have had 3 pills.  The last pill was taken a little over 6 hours ago.  I have been having a lot of itching since I started the Hydrocodon.  I have Tramadol HCL 50 mg which I know I have no reaction to and would rather take than the Hydrocodon.  Is it safe to switch to Tramadol?Thank You,Mary
output: 1. Hy ChatDoctor. 2. There are a number of herbal alternatives to hy

input: I tripped over a baby gate and fell hard on my right knee. It hurt a lot for a few minutes. No bruising, slight swelling. A few day later I was doing something and a burning pain on the front of my knee cap lasted about 15 seconds. Now 2 weeks later if I touch that spot it burns for a few seconds.
output: Hello, Regarding your question for treatment I would recommend you to apply topical Flubriprofen gel over the knee along with that best is to do now a knee X-ray. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, Im 17 and when my scrotum is loose it looks a bit too wrinkly for my age. I actually havent compared this with anyone else so Im not too sure. When it is tight during colder times it looks somewhat smooth, some wrinkles here and there but overall it looks ok.
output: Hi, Nothing to worry, this is normal texture of scrotum. During winter scrotal muscles contracts giving rise normal appearance and during hot season due to loose muscles scrotum looks loose and looking wrinkly. Wear well-fitted inner wears. Ok and take care.

input: hi my name is garry larkin , I have been in pain for 15 months the pain is in head neck top neck bottom shoulders hip on one side and down leg to toes , I also have like head pressure and pain , I need a diagnosis as I cant get one and its taken so long I have now run out of money. I had to leave work as I was in pain just sitting there , im on endep 50ml a day I live near frankston
output: Your symptoms is mostly due to cervical spine disorders. You should do cervical vertebrae x-ray and MRI if x-ray is normal. Start with vitamin B 12 injection once every 3 days.

input: My son scratched his eye this evening, took him to the doctor and they said he was fine. Got about home and he started terribly crying that his head hurt. When he got home, he threw up twice and now is fine. What should I do, what is going on with him?
output: HI...it could be a viral illness responsible for all this. I suggest you give him Paracetamol for headache. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (maximum ceiling dose of 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. But if the vomiting persists or if he is behaving weirdly or is excessively sleepy, then I suggest you get back to the doctor or nearest emergency room. Regards - 

input: hi, I have always had pain around my right side carotid artery, under my jaw, radiate to my ear, and my shoulders.  Sometime i feel it is on the side of my throat.  It is wearing me out, my memory is geting weaker and weaker, sometime i feel as if everything blocked as it affect my proper breathing and i dont feel i am relaxed...i am 49 by the way and i had this for few years now ... but it is geting worse and causing me to be rigid and stiff... can u tell me plz what i should do and what could be the diagnosis and what kind of doctors i should visit...  thx..  MK
output: Hello MK! I passed carefully through your question and would explain that your symptoms could be related to a temporomandibular joint dysfunction or a bulging disc in the cervical vertebral column, causing articular nerve pain in this region. For this reason, I would recommend performing a cervical spine MRI study. If this test results normal, I would recommend consulting with the ENT specialist for a physical exam of the temporomandibular junction. Anxiety could also play an important role on all this clinical scenario, too. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards, 

input: Hi, I recently had a scheduled angioplasy and two stents implanted. I had a followup visit this week with the cardiologist. He informed me that he implanted an expired stent. This is a Taxis drug illuding stent. Is this against FDA regulations to implant an expired stent in a patient? I believe there must be strict FDA regulations in doing so? Tom J
output: Hi, Using expired stent is against the law and illegal. There is a shelf life for every product in medicine beyond which its use is not recommended. You should have got the cover boxes of the stents, and you can see it yourself whether they were expired at the time of placement. If they were expired, you can file a legal lawsuit on the doctor and hospital. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi,im a 38 old man,,a couple of weeks ago i noticed this red spots like moskito bites or small hickis,then i started to work out,and i ran on my tread mill for half an hour,then later the next day i noticed my legs got hot and swollen,and one of my ankles felt sprained,,well it hasnt got better,what can it be??PLEASE help,thank you and god bless!Robert
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor .you need antiallergic treatment. Tablet cetirizine can help you to relieve red spots. Take better care that lesions donor get infected. And add painkillers if required. Hope this information helps you. Best wishes.

input: Hi Doctor I have been sufferring from Psoriasis on my palm, fingers and feet from last 10 yrs. I have tried several medicines but nothing helps me other than Topisal 6%. I have recently had a flare up which is bad. My figers are all scaly and itchy. I have been applying topisal 3% but its not working. Could you pls suggest what can do to get relief from the scales and itch. Thanks
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us at Chat Doctor Psoriasis affecting palms and soles is debilitating, hindering routine activities; it is responsible for significant social stigma as well. The psoriasis patches on palms, soles are Chat Doctor. It is well tolerated and is given in weekly doses. Methotrexate can be combined with topical treatment to hasten the resolution. However, methotrexate requires monitoring for side effects by blood tests (hologram, Liver Function tests)I would suggest that you speak to your dermatologist for the needfulRegards

input: hi Ive had rheumatoid nodules on my elbow for several years know , after each operation to remove them they regrow , the doctor says that I do not have the artheritis though.for the past 12 months I have been having allergy attacks and itching on my hands between the fingers and eyes this usually goes within 24hrs of starting.I have tried antihistimenes but these dont work I also get very tired during the day could this all be related and what should I do Iam 44 not overweight walk every morning with the dog the problem with the elbow started about 8 years ago and to date it has been operated on 4 times and Iam waiting to see a surgeon again
output: All that I can convey to you on the basis of my three decades old clinical experience is that you must get support of Ayurveda treatment. While surgery can remove nodules, it cannot prevent regrowing. Here Ayurveda can help you in a safe n side effect less way.Similarly, anti Pittman regime in Ayurveda can effectively manage allergic conditions and common herbs can be used to ad Chat Doctor. No interaction of any Ayurveda med. With any other 

input: For the past two months i ve had some tingling/parasthesia in my right hand and a visible radial pulse. The parasthesia has waned over time but still occurs each day especially when i m in a relaxed seated postition. I m a little worried that there is compression somewhere that is causing this visible sign and tingling.
output: Hello, It may be due to nerve compression.  For further assessment, you may require MRI neck, nerve conduction studies after spine surgeon consultation. For pain, you can take tablet acetaminophen. You may require tablet Pregabalin and multivitamin tablets after consultation. Do regular physical therapy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Had 2 stones in Left kidney 5 x 7 x 8. Used lots of water and lemons and potassium citrate etc. for 1.3 months and they dont show up on 2nd ultrasound any longer. Still have what doc thinks is severe ureter spasming and he ordered a CT today to see if any pieces are left in ureter.  He said that even if nothing is found the irritation can continue for weeks before both ureters calm down.  It hurts to evacuate in morning.  He said that the irritated ureter can irritate the bowel but Im not understanding that?  How does that happen?  Have never has any bowel issues at all.  No diahhrea currently at all or IBS symptoms.  Cant eat alot because when full and food moving downward the 2 lines going down become tight and sore.  Can it take this long for the ureters to calm down?  Having CT scan later today. Thanks.
output: Hi.you had renal stones, probably it has come out with HY Chat Doctor. . Since it has not shown up in the earlier CT scan.you have sore throat, it is a completely different issue. You have acute pharyngitis, probably due to water infection.see you ENT surgeon for this, for examination.and you need to start with antibiotics, analgesics, salt water gargling would help.your ureteric colic will be diagnosed with the scheduled ct scan today.see your urologist with the report for the further management.bye.

input: I am 5 months pregnant and suddenly 2 months ago I developed genital warts. My doctor said he cant do anything while am pregnant. Are there any medications especially home remedies to get rid of the warts before i give birth besides surgery or freezing
output: I suggest you not to undergo any surgery or any minor or major procedures on your body unless or otherwise its necessary . Because during pregnancy your immune system is suppressed.  So as a result your healing capacity will be low and chances of getting infected is high.  And on the period of your pregnancy most of the Chat Doctor.  I personally would not suggest you to undergo the procedure.

input: Hi, my name is Gary I was diagnoses and had colon cancer stage 4 and spread to liver. I had treatment 5 weeks for radiation, and  total 6 times chemo. It seem like first 3 times chemo therapy is not working so my doctor change to different chemo medicine, is seem like cancer wont spread and shrunk. by that time i met some one and he recommend me to change my diet, drink more water, no sugar, so when i went to draw blood my CEA went up from 24 to 30 and after i change my diet and last 3 chemo my CEA back down to 13 and my doctor told me i have to do one more chemo. And i decided not to do because a lot of people told me radiation and chemo kill people more than cancer kill people. So i went back to draw blood and check with my doctor my CEA go back up to 26.     I would like to know am i do the right thing? just only change my diet and not listen what my doctor tell me what to do??? right now i feel just like normal person, i can go to exercise, running, walking, but i lot some weight  because i eat only fish, vegetable, and fruit.would you please, answer me what am i suppose to do?? Thank you so muchGary
output: Hi, I went through your query. I am afraid changing your diet at this stage will not cure your cancer. Colon cancer mainly occurs due to a high fat diet. Dietary fiber as in fruits and vegetables has a protective role. However once you have the cancer it does not help much. It is true that chemotherapy and radiation have very serious side effects and can themselves cause cancer. But at stage 4 that is the best possible treatment available. I would advise you to continue with your treatment. But you can talk to your doctor if you do not wish it and ask him/her for some other palliative treatment. Hope this helps.

input: my son has really foul smelling stools. What could be the issue besides possibly lactose intolerance & celiac disease? He is 7 years old. He had a upper GI endoscopy done a few years ago and at that time he was diagnosed with eosinophilic esophagitis and they also mentioned that he had lower than average lactase levels. His dairy intake is not excessive. He has a glass of milk in the morning or afternoon and occasionally pizza. I m concerned because although he has no other symptoms such as stomach discomfort or gas or bloating, his stools are really malodorous to the point where we have to have him change his underwear and shorts often for no other apparent reason. Please advise. Thank you!
output: The foul smelling stools could be due to overgrowth of certain bacteria in his intestines. A course of metronidazole thrice daily for 5 days should be helpful. Also give him plenty of curd. You may skip the glass of milk in the morning and give other nutritive food items instead. The primary manifestation of lactose intolerance would be bloating and abdominal distention which your child does not have. In case of celiac disease, failure to grow properly and frequency of stool are generally present.

input: hi sir, i got pain in lower back. i feel it is in middle of hip and lower back. actually i am feeling the pain 3 days back onwards. And it started paining when i woke up in the morning 3 days back. i have used one of the spray but no relief. Used some myospaz and aceclo but no relief. Not able to understand what could be the reason and how to avaoid this.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I think You are suffering from acute backache. Treatment of it is rest and analgesics. Diclofenac three times a day after meals is effective. Sometimes strong analgesic(such as attract three times a day after meals) is required. OMEPRAZOLE before meals prevent acidity caused by analgesics. You can discuss with your treating Doctor. To father investigate MRI of the region is advised. Hope your query get answered. If you have any further questions then don't hesitate to writing to us. I will be happy to help you. You can also write to me directly on below link:https://www.bit.ly/ask Chat Doctor. Take care.

input: My daughter will be 15 years old on the 22nd. On Feb 21, she had a grand mal seizure. She has never had a seizure before that date. However, over the past year and a half, she has had sudden jerking motions in her arms and head. She was on med for Primary inattentive disorder (ADD) and her doctor was aware of these movements but did not testing. Right before she had the seizure the jerking movements with her arms were worse then they have ever been especially in her left are. Could this have been some type of seizure all along. Her neurologist had me take her for an eeg but ordered no lab work or anything else. I have called the neurologist many times because I am concerned about what I need to do for my daughter and she has never returned my calls. Her PA left a message on my phone saying the EEG was normal and I have heard nothing else from them. I am an RN and I know more tests should have been ordered. I plan to take her to a different neurologist. What is your opinion.
output: Symptoms described by you're suggestive of JME (juvenile myoclonic epilepsy). In such cases MRI will be normal. If EEG is normal...then repeat EEG study after sleep deprivation. We can start TAB valproate. Prognosis is very good in this epilepsy.regards.

input: Hi , My Wife is detected with cervical Lymph node TB. She has been put on R-Cinex 600  1 tab daily, Pyzina 750 mg 2 tabs daily, mycobutol 1000 1.5 tabs daily and benadon 40 1 tab daily..she is having violent shivering with fever (~ 103 degree centrigrade), joint pains etc after 1 hour of taking Pyzina 750 mg 2 tabs daily, mycobutol 1000 1.5 tabs daily and benadon 40 1 tab daily..any suggestions ?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Patina is having pyrazinamide. Mycobutol is having ethambutol. Both of them can cause rise in uric acid level (hyperglycemia). This high uric acid can accumulate in joints and cause joint pain. It can also cause fever with chills. So in my opinion, she should get done uric acid level and if it is raised then she needs to take Eurostat tablet. Eurostat is having property of reduced uric acid production. So consult her doctor and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your wife. Thanks.

input: hi,i have been sick with cough w excess,mucus,a rash developed on chest ,and back,i also haveon elbow s. I also have red swollen fingernail beds.On my pointer and index finger i got rash and just above top crease there is a small dot that I can pick w a tweezer,have gone for 3 cat scans going back to doc on Tuesday,says its not lupus.connective tissue disease.its really getting old,starting to get fatigue .lost bout 10 pnds.Doc is ok,but its like a month between visits any ideas I can ask him bout.i have taken 2 rounds of antibiocs, been on inhaler,just got off predisone,cough is back up but it productive,but im slow moving.been going on 5 months,since December.any insight would be great 53yr old female lori
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. If connective disease is ruled out and since your CT chest are normal as told by you, no need to worry about lung infection. Possibility of bronchitis is more in your case. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) with lung volumes and DCO. PFT is needed for the diagnosis of bronchitis. It will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment of bronchitis is based on severity only. Now since rashes are not your problem and cough I'd only issue now it should felt with. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi!I am having sharp pains (spasms) on my right forearm and have some rash spots that appearred in the last 24 hours along my arm.  I have had radiation for breast cancer which ended on Sept. 20, 2011 and I also have herniated discs in my neck.  This pain is so severe and consistent that I cant sleep.  Any idea what the cause could be?   Im getting very worried.  Thank you
output: Hi, According to your complaints it could be herpes zoster. I would recommend you to consult a doctor and get it examined. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Son is 9 years old 67lbs and 53inches. He has had an inflamed testicle for a month. It started to burn when he urinated 3 weeks ago. He saw a urologist for 5 minutes who said it was a virus that could last a year. We are to go back in four months if there is blood in his urine or if it still burns alot when he pees. His urine test from 3 weeks ago came back negative for a uti. There has been no blood work or a repeat urine test. He cries everyday that it burns bad when he pees.
output: Hello, I suggest that his Urine RM teat to be related and also a USG and Doppler of affected testes to be done. Disclaimer"This provisional advice provided by me stands subject to the patient undergoing a physical examination and is based entirely on inputs provided by patient/attendants. The patient is advised for physical examination at earliest"

input: I have a sore bump on my gums that makes it difficult for me to put in my implant dentures.  What is an over-the-counter drug I can use to reduce this bump and relieve the pain?  I have been duding salt rinses, using listering and the rinse my dentist gave me without results.  Please help!!
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The bump on the gums could be because of gum infection secondary to chronic irritation by the denture. Consult an oral physician to rule out whether it is a gum infection or an over growth of the tissue. If it is infection you can take a course of antibiotics and analgesics. If it is a growth then it has to be surgically removed. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: Hi I m 43y old M smoking I had acute anterior Myo cardial infarction since awake I was admitted to CCU for 5 days my blood tests was (( ck=2200. WBC=8.7. RBC =3.5 Ca=9.3)). I had given metalyes IV 80 cc . Today I made ECG=anterior ISCH changes recent. ECHO = (( EF= 40-45%. + anterior apical akinesia )). Please is it danger ?! Do I need cath ? With regard. Thank you My name is Fares Al masa eyed.
output: Hi, 40% is a bit lower than normal. This would imply heart failure. The cause in a rather young person is tricky and a reason to do a catheterization.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Dear Doctor,My SIL has delivered a collodion baby. I have attached the pic. The baby and the mother is at the Jehangir Hospital, Pune. What is your opinion ? Where can I go for more help ? What are the short term precautions and long term prognosis ?
output: Hi, you have to take care of skin of baby, its quite sensitive, you have to apply emollient creams. As baby matures, the problem will become less. Take care.

input: I had xrays of my lower back recently and the following was part of the report. I don t really understand any of this. Can you please help me understand. There is a curvilinear opacity overlaying the left upper quadrant seen only in the AP projection. While pathological calcification within the abdomen cannnot be excluded, this appearance is new from the prior study, decreasing the likelihood that this is a significant finding. This could reflect overlying artifact or bowel contents. A punctate opacity overlying the superior pole of the right kidney on the current view was noted to be projected more superiorly on the prior study and is likely a hepatic granuloma. Impression: Curvilinear opacity over the left upper quadrant of the abdomen is likely artifactual. A repeat abdominal radiograph is recommended and CT would be indicated if this opacity persists.
output: Dear sir /madam I would like to know why was the radiograph taken, As for the reporting seems like there is an incidental finding, I would like to know more about the clinical history and also like to know other finding in the radiograph Some incidental findings could be artifacts. So before jumping into conclusions I would suggest talking to your primary clinician about your primary illness and then decide about this incidental finding

input: im constantly horny and when i dont get laid coz my girlfriend doesnt want to do it or doesnt want to do it quick i feel like end of the world, I know this is not normal :( and is there way to get rid of that feeling somehow...p.s. i masturbate everyday 2-3 times even when i get laid...
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. You have not given your age here. Please understand that sex is not essential for human being. That is just another emotion where body and mind gets pleasure feeling rather than pain. Your frustration is understandable. You are denied of sexual pleasure, and then you are irritated. What happens if you desire sexual pleasure from someone you don't know? What happens if you don't get it from them? You are expecting your girlfriend to behave according to your wish and when she disagrees you are disappointed. What is wrong in that? How can you call yourself horny on that aspect? Masturbation once per day for teenagers and thrice or four times a week for adults are OK. Once you get married, your masturbation stops. When you get a job your masturbation reduces. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: one week ago I felt my chest constricted, but thought that it was due to adding some free weights to my regimen.  Today, Im feeling some slight constrictions, my pulse is 94, and Ive felt some light constrictions in my neck, just behind my ear...what do you think?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should first rule out heart related diseases in your case because chest constriction, neck pain and high pulse rate (94). All these favor heart diseases more. So consult doctor and get done 1. Blood pressure monitoring 2. ECG 3. 2d echo. If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes muscular spasm cannot also cause constriction feeling. So take painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. But better to first rule out heart diseases. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hello doctor, i am 21 year old female. i noticed undigested rice in my stool today and undigested food for past 10 days. i am taking clarithromycin from 3 days because i am told to as i have folliculitis. what could possibly cause this condition and is there any treatment?
output: Thanks for posting you query to Chat Doctor.there is no relation of folliculitis with indigestion as folliculitis is infection of hair follicle and not associated with indigestion, so I am not understanding the purpose of taking Azithromycin. If you are having any painful lesion of hair follicle then let me know so that I can suggest you correct remedy as Staphylococcus is the most common organism to causing it. Indigestion could be due to some other cause alteration in your daily food intake or timing of meal may cause such problem .for your digestive problem you should presently start to take plenty of water per day and increase green veg in your date. Take Sachet or capsule of gut flora :DAR OLAC" once in day to maintain normal gut environment.presently no need for antibiotic. Hope you are satisfied with my answer.  Feel free to communicate if any query.regards, Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 68 years old and have Agent Orange related type 2 diabetes (since 2000). In 2005 I had a related stroke (Rt. medulla CVA). I take insulin injections. Recently I developed a rash with itching on my right lower leg. I am trying to figure out if this is food related and what I can use to stop the itching (cortisone does not work). Thank you, Dennis Maddox
output: Cellophane you for writing to us on Chat Doctor. Based on your history the response to your question is as follows.1. For itching, antihistamine like loratadine or cetirizine will be helpful.2. Also apply calamine lotion over it.3. Right lower leg, only, look at local cause. Possibly socks or footwear or environmental. Not food related. Hope this is helpful to you. Do write back to me for further questions. Thank you

input: My husband is presenting with pneumonia and a terrible cough, producing yellow phlegm and or clear liquid water like substance. He has finished 10 days of antibiotics, currently 6 days post antibiotics. He still has cough, phlegm, and now has blurred vision in both eyes. He is otherwise a healthy 53 year old.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Ideal treatment of pneumonia is to first isolate the organism a dthan start antibiotic according to the sensitivity pattern. So in your husbands' case I advise you to consult pulmonologist and get done1. Repeat chest x ray2. Sputum culture and sensitivity3. Bronchoscopy and BAD (Bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis. Since after 6 days of antibiotics, he is not improving, so we need chest x-ray to determine whether pneumonia is worsened or not. Sputum culture is necessary to isolate the causative organism and sensitivity is needed to guide antibiotic therapy. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Avoid haphazard use of antibiotics in pneumonia as it will cause Chat Doctor. 

input: Good morning Doctor or Doctors. here the question..i am having this tight feeling in the middle of my Brest to my throat. am on meds. the only time i have been in the hospital was last oct. for a bleeding ulcer. and they also found i have pfo. not to worry about it..thank you connie
output: Hi Dear !! Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Read and reviewed your query and health concerns. IN the given situation of Yours, You seem to suffer from-Acid reflux with HERD. Yours being Known Ulcer case, these complaints of tight feeling in chest and throat-indicates that that acid control treatment needs to be reviewed and changed under expert doctors advise. I would suggest you to have Second opinion from Third party Surgeon/ Physician and review acid controlling treatment which you are taking. Other causes for these complaints-like IBS and IBD/ anal ailments like fissure in ANO/ H. Pylori re-infection / inadequate PPI dosage / Improper diet style/ habits, need to be ruled out before planning any treatment in your case. Hope this would help you to plan further of this complex illness of yours. If need be, update any health issue 24 x 7 by a direct question Tod ME, at following Chat Doctor link-Dear, if satisfied, Dont forget to close this query with YOUR pleasing feedback comments to rate this reply and service, to boost the morale of incoming Emergency patients like YOU, at Chat Doctor services. If you want to update more details and ask more update queries, You are most Welcome herewith !! Good Day!! Wishing Good Healthy Life in time to come!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS

input: Dear Dr My Father had a bye pass surgery on 19th November 2010. Dr had advised to have Glycomet GP 2 for future. But due to having a very low sugar our doctor changed the medicine to Glycomet GP 1. The sugar level became normal for few days which was around 125-145. but since few days his sugar is again keeping low - Jan 17, 2012 at 9 pm sugar level- 74 Jan 18, 2012 at 9.30 am after tea sugar level- 164 Jan 18,2012 at 9.45 pm sugar level-84 doctor please advise in this matter and do let us know any good diebetician in dehradun whom we can consult. Waiting for your response. Regards,Upasana
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that 74 is not a very low level of sugar. Anyway, if he feels symptoms like dizziness, fatigue and sweating, this could be a sign that his body does not tolerate these low levels of glucose. I would recommend reducing the dose of Glycogen GP in order to have higher levels of glucose. You should know that all oral antidiabetics can lead to hypoglycemia as a common adverse effect. That is why the dose should be adjusted based on the fasting glucose levels during the day. You should discuss with his endocrinologist about the above issues. Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards, 

input: Hi I have the mirena a coil fitted for the past five years due to be replaced in June been at the hospital Monday got told it Was a womb infection Put on two lots of antibiotics Went back to gp who said was not caused through the coil as had water infection previous was advised to leave coil in and wait and see if infection clears before removal pain has eased how long will it be before i am completely better
output: Hi, Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Once the course of antibiotics is over you can get this IRENA removed. And kindly make sure the whole infection is cleared before the new IRENA is inserted. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. In case of any doubt, I will be available for follow-ups. If you like my answers kindly rate it, and write a review as well. Please do not forget to accept it. Thank you, Wish you good health. Chat Doctor. Chat Doctor .com/doctors/

input: I am experiencing right abdominal pain and pain in my right groin area.  I have had liver panel, blood tests all came back okay.  Had abdominal CT Scan and no problems with internal organs detected.  Will schedule colonoscopy within days.  But the doc doesnt have a clue whats causing the pain
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read the history and understood your problem. Pain in the right abdomen and the right groin can be due to:-Ureteric stones and UTI.-Appendicitis.-Any problem with the thoracolumbar spine can have referred pain like this. Since your CT scan and liver tests are normal, many of the problems that can be detected by the CT scan are ruled out. -let us wait for the colonoscopy reports. In the meantime ask your Doctor to give you a course of an antibiotic, metronidazole and probiotics along with antispasmodic medicines. This is in thought of colitis as this may not be picked up by the CT scan.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here...hi doctor i had a misscarrege 1-year before due to ACC SYNDROME when i was 33-weeks pregnent. so i want to get pregnent again . so what are the precations before i get pregnent again . pleeese help me doctor.
output: Acc syn Chat Doctor. .u take folic acid 3 months before conception to 12 weeks...do HAC also.do go for regular ANC check up.do NT scan n double marker test between 10 and 14 weeks

input: My daughter is on oxcarbazepine 300mg. she was taking focalin and adderall because of her ADHD. she has a new doctor and she put her on this medication with her focalin she has gained so much weight now and she is becoming so agitated. I have tried to talk to her doctor and because my daughter is of age she does not want to hear what I have to say. I asked her to review her file she had been on the other meds for over ten years and that was the only way she made it through school. Although she is twenty in age she is just not there yet her mind is still like a child s mind.
output: Oxcarbazepine can produce weight gain in some patients. You can talk to your Doc for the same.

input: Hi..I have slowly decreased Serlift 50 to 25 mg and now gradually stopped. I am having dizzyness and increased appetite...so is this normal? I am trying alternate heialing for depression and a physician recently told me that Serlift was a possible cause of not being able to lose wight. Pls advise.
output: Hello, It is good that you have tapered sealift gradually before stopping it, but you should also know that with Chat Doctor.  As dizziness is one of the with

input: My son is 15 and has Down syndrome and Autism.  He has very dry skin and for the past year hes developed large sores in the crease between his buttocks which cause him to want to scratch them.  Ive used Desitin and Aquafor creams and tho they look better, I cant seem to eradicate them.  Is there anything else I might try?  I have tried to have these examined in the past by his doctors, but he doesnt like to be touched which makes an examination really difficult.
output: Hi,Your son has  ChatDoctor. .xerosis with intergluteal intertrigo with secondary infection. 

input: I am 20 years of age and for the past month and a half I have felt very tired, not a lot of energy, low sex drive, and at times light headed and nautious. Could these be signs of low testosterone?? I am 6 foot 2 inches tall and weigh 160 lbs. thank you
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. You are just 20, and should not think about low testosterone level. The given conditions could be due to many other problems including stress and obsession. In your case, I am suspecting your stress and obsession. Think about it. Were you stressed? In the near past? Do you think and obsess too much about sex and related problems? You may consult a sexologist and get your testosterone checked. But don't worry about it. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute detail possible. Hope this answers your query.  Further clarifications are welcome. Good luck. Take care.

input: For about two years I ve had this painful lump inside my anal and for a few months I ve had it in my vagina to. It is very painful and the past month has become worse and sometimes is unbearable and had more lumps turn up on my vagina. I am not sexually active so the problems couldn t be caused by that and I m only 18 so the changes of me having colon cancer is low? what could it be? I went to the doctor to have blood tests hoping that something would come back wrong so she would find out about the lumps but they came back perfect. I haven t seen a doctor about the lumps I ve just been trying to deal with the pain than find out it s something bad. I m embarrassed to tell my GP and get an exam, I don t even know what to tell her. I was attacked 5 months ago and I m even more afraid of seeing a doctor or letting anyone close to me than I was before the fear is ridiculous and is stopping me from getting help. Sometimes the pain makes me want to commit suicide I don t know what to do anymore
output: You haven't told about the size of the lump. In anal area if present it could be thrombosed pile and vaginal limb may be Bartholdi cyst. Do not panic please contact docs as soon as possible.

input: I have a cyst on the back of my neck that was drained a few months ago.  Started getting a sting sensation yesterday. What does it mean? I am supposed to have it surgically removed but cant afford it right now (it swelled up to the size of a golf ball before the drainage and took over a month to stop draining!).
output: Hello, The sting sensation could be related to an infection. For this reason, if it hurts when touching or the stinging persists, I would recommend consulting with your general physician for a physical exam and some tests (complete blood count, PCR) for inflammation. You may need to Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi. Im having back pain, it starts in my spine and ends in my lower back, every morning for the last couple weeks its been very hard to get out of bed.  At work it hurts as well, I walk a lot at work. And my upper back on my right side. Feels like Im being stabbed.  Pain relievers do not help. What should I do?
output: Hi,Depending on the cause,  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi, it was discovered I had hematuria at my routine gyn exam, and mild hypertension. Referred to my family dr who repeated and found microscopic and dipstix +. No gross hematuria noted. Sonogram showed bilateral cortical thinning of kidneys. Did cmp, sed rate, cbc, 24 hr urine for Protein and creatinine....all perfectly within normal limits, What is the renal cortical thinning from? Dr said it might be congenital? but wants to send me to urologist for cysto, but during this time, I was also diagnosed with breast ca and she wants me to have breast sx first? What do you think ?
output: In the search for blood in the urine, the first goal is to find its source, the kidney or the tubes that Chat Doctor.  There are inherited reasons for the kidney to allow red blood cells out, but the more common source is in the 

input: my sister has been having right sided pain for 1 week, went to ED and they did cat scan with negative results,they checked ovaries by manual and I believe blood work and urine sample. Lortab she has been taking & morphine given in hospital not touching pain,we are stumped.
output: Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. I would insist on an ultrasound of abdomen to rule out a renal calculus, which a CT might not be able to pick up, causing this kind of pain. If inconclusive, and the pain increases or is not relieved, I would refer you to a general surgeon for a clinical assessment and related investigation like a diagnostic laparoscopy for further management of the problem. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: in a recent blood test the RBC and Platelet count were LOW and slightly out of range while the MRV and MonoAuto were slightly high. white blood cells were in normal range. Cardiologist was not concerned IF he noticed these ..........I did not notice until I got home. any concern??
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. No need to worry because minor variation is not significant in RBC counts and Platelet counts. Monocytes counts can also slightly high. Your white blood cells were in normal range means there are not any infection. Your cardiologist also not concerned means these are not significant otherwise your doctor advised for repeat blood count. Thanx for query.

input: Hi I am a female of 31 yrs,I had typhoid for which my treatment is going on.Then from blood examination I discovered that my WBC count is 1500 and in 2 days it increases by 200 and from further examination i now came to know that i have pelvic ascites.Please advice treatment for it
output: HelloPelvic ASCIIs(free fluid in pelvis) may be due to peritonitis in a case of typhoid fever. Typhoid fever causes intestine infection and fluid in pelvis may be considered as complication. Patient may need surgical intervention after evaluation. Mild free fluid in pelvis in females may also be due to many other reasons like during ovulation(it is naturally seen), pelvic inflammatory disease(PID)etc. Your condition need clinical correlation. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: hi doc, can you explain the chest pa result of my mother having the following remarks:The heart appears to be slightly enlarge with left ventricular prominence.The aorta is calcified.Both lungs are clear with normal bronchovascular pattern. The rest of the visualized chest structures are unremarkable. pls doc, i need to know if it is manageable or need for her to undergo hospital admisison? i will be very happy if you can response to my inquiry..thank you. truly yours, aileen m.
output: This result is not too concerning. They describe a slightly enlarged chamber of the heart, which occurs over many years. She can have her heart evaluated by an echocardiogram (ultrasound). Calcification of the aorta refers to build up of plaque in the big artery that comes out of the heart. This happens with age and is not acutely concerning.

input: My 16 months old has pimple looking spots on her tummy around her belly button and then a few more up near her left side of the chest.. has has a fever.. went to the doctor and said just give her Advil for the fever.. he never saw the spots.. he just listened with a stethoscope out side her shirt. what is this? Do I need to go back to the doctor ?
output: Hi. Red colored rash like spots may be seen in some viral fevers. They go away once the fever reduces. If these rashes/spots do not go away once the fever reduces or if these spots increases then you may have to put it across to the doctor. Hope it is just due to a minor viral illness.

input: My mother 70 years, 55 Kg weight has been taking Teminorm AM , once daily since last one month. After one month of its administration the reading is 130/60 with 105 as pulse rate. On consultation with local doctor, the medicine has been changed to Telminorm 80 mg. Further she is diabetic since 1987 and is on insulin since last two years. The regular tests has shown that it is under control. The present reading is Fasting - 60 and PP is 114. Fearing lower side in Fasting Glucose was admnisered and the day after it rose to 103 in fasting. The loacl Dr has advised to take 22 Units (earlier taken was 26 unit) in night and 45 units in morning. So far as Diabetes is concerned it is well under control since last 6 months with insulin as mentioned above and Glycomate GP FORTE 2 administration. Now my question is wheather Telminorm AM is of high dosage or Telminorm 80 Mg? Further in my opinion the dosage to be administered should be low. Kindly advise
output: Hello,Telminorm Am is the combination of two  ChatDoctor. 

input: When I go to the doctor, I have a blood pressure reading of 150/90 with a pulse of 60.When I take my pressure here at home, I mostly stabilize between 130-140 and 80-85.The day before yesterday, I had a reading of 134/77 with a pulse of 58.I am taking Diovan 320mg and am 76 years old and in very good physical health.Should I be concerned about these BP differences between home and doctors office?
output: Hello, Welcome to ChatDoctorNothing to worry about the BP differences between home and doctor's office. This is an entity called White coat hypertension. Blood pressure readings will be 10-20 MMH more when you visit the doctors' clinic, because of increased anxiety levels when meeting a doctor. I would advise you to continue your medications and be relaxed. Hope I have cleared your doubts. Thank you.

input: I had gall bladder surgery two weeks ago. I was fine for five days and then I had an attach like I was having a heart attach, went to the hospital and given nitro and it put my heart rate over 140 and my blood pressure went high. They gave me a bunch of drugs to get rid of the symptoms, but the next morning I felt like my nerves where jumping out of my body. I have not been able to stop shaking since. I shake really bad and I m very nauseated. Any ideas on what is causing this. My doctors can t seem to help me.
output: Hello, This can be a cardiac arrhythmia like PSV or atrial fibrillation, in which heart rate suddenly goes up and also suddenly decreases. Blood pressure falls during these episodes and one has dizziness, fainting, blackouts, sometimes syncope. Usually ECG is normal as it is usually done in between the episodes. ECG done during episodes will show abnormality. You will need 24 hour HOLDER monitoring. So visit nearby cardiologist for this investigation.  Also, hemoglobin and thyroid test should be done. Ln order to abort such episodes you should try to cough hard. Is there any stress or anxiety associated, as it can also be a panic attack. Till the time your evaluation is complete, you can ask your local doctor for tab collar LA 20 mg once a day.  If none of the above is successful then last option is of electrophysiologist studies which is invasive test which can diagnose and treat the arrhythmia permanently in most of the cases.

input: Hi. I m 18 and about to leave the house for college still. I ve always had problems concentrating- it has caused my grades to drop in the past 2 years and my behavior in class to stick out. I never seem to get anything done, and have dropped several things I even loved doing, like being in swimming or the HOSA club, just because I can t focus on it for more than a few minutes at a time. My mom doesn t believe in ADD, but she always tells me to get back on task and is the person to keep me focused. I am concerned that when I leave her house for college, I will fail to focus on anything and start really failing. I d like to talk to a doctor but I don t know how to without her, because my name is on her insurance etc. I feel I have ADD and need a low dose medication to help me.
output: Hi dear, it seems you are having ADD., take help of your mother and consult a psychiatrist .it is treatable and with medications you will be able to live a normal life.

input: hello I received some recent head trauma and loss of memory about the event and afterwords as well. I know I woke up with a big bump on the right side of my head and some cuts and bumps on the back as well. I have been having a lot of pain in the back of my head near my spine of late and have been getting really dizzy by sitting up. I also have some trouble remembering some details when I am talking with my friends and space out at times as well.
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* External lump is hematoma can be managed with ice application, proper antibiotics, anti-inflammatory agents to resolve it.* Dizziness, forgetfulness indicates internal insult , needs immediate evaluation with CT Brain. Wishing you fine recovery. Feel free to ask any further doubts. Regards .

input: Yes, hello My 2 years old son, last night went to the hospital after a fall and he got stiches on his chin, and two on the inside of his bottom lip.  Today on the inside of the lips I see some kind of yellow substance, and the lip is swollen.  Can it be infected?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Yes, it can be infected. Swelling is often a sign of infection, especially when it is accompanied by too much reddening of the skin. Marked tenderness and a burning sensation, pus and fever are also signs of infection. So if these signs and symptoms are present then you should consult a doctor. You can give ARN ICA 30, one dose daily for 3 days,it is a homoeopatChatDoctoredicine which is very good after trauma and helps in prevention of infection and early healing. You should consult a doctor and get the wound rechecked. Hope this will help. Take disregards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi. iam 23 years old . i am married for 3 years, with no protected sex. me and my husband has done all important lab tests and every thing is totally normal there is nothing wrong. i had 1 IUI and 1 time took all imjections and tried the normal way and nothing success. my last period was march 22/2010 after 10 days from missing period i did the home pregnency test it was negative( on that day i was on stress and very angry) i didnt do it in the early morning it was during the day . now my period is 2 months late , i feel some times nausea , dizziness. head ach i kept for whole week feeling head ach but not any more a little of back pain not severe. iam becoming over weight a little bit. i didnt repeat the home test.am not having any bleeding or spots. or any excessive secretions every thing seems to be normal. but some times i get some contractions in my abdomin 1 week ago it was a little severe the duration was for 24 hours and then it was over. i am feeling lost i dont know what to do. plz help
output: All of your complaints are related to stress and anxiety. Nothing is wrong in getting pregnant. Just try to regularize your periods through diet and regular exercise. Do Ultrasound pelvis to rule out POD. Try to reduce your weight. IF u have POD take treatment for that.

input: Hello Doctor!! OK after a long day and night of sex with my Lady. woke up this morning with what appears to be a blood blister on the foreskin. I m 53 been tested for all diseases and all negative. like I said I was fine yesterday before the sex. question what can I do until I see my doctor. thank you
output: Hello, i think this is an STD.I shall advise you not to do any intercourse before you consult your physician, dont worry. Only antibiotic treatment will help both you and your partner to get rid of it. Hope this is helpful.regards.

input: I have a cyst on my back that wasnt bothering me until this weekend.   It is at the base of my shoulder blade, it is sore to the touch and is turning reddish purple.    It did this a couple of years ago and I had to get it lanced and drained for three weeks.......it was awful and painful.  What can I do this time?
output: Hi, This may be a sebaceous cyst that has become infected. As it has already been infected and this is a recurrence I suggest you consider getting it surgically removed. Therefore, I recommend you see a surgeon.  Chat Doctor. 

input: i think i had sex with a guy who has a type of genital wart but im not sure, i asked him and he wont say but many other people told me otherwise, he no longer will talk to me. i have these small hard pimple size bumps in my mouth for over a year. they are the same color as the rest of my mouth mainly, but at the tip of the bump it is slightly lighter i think its because the skin is pulled tighter at the tip of the round bump then the bottom. i have one under my tongue , not on my tongue but between the spit ducks, one on my gums on the inside of my bottom jaw, about half an inch down from my teeth sightly to the right and one on my gums on the outside upper jaw above my two front teeth on that piece of skin and gum line that attaches my lip to my gums. on my lips in the corner of my mouth when i pull the skin tight i see and feel tiny hard white bumps. some are touching some have an mm. or two mm. between them but they are close. i have not tried to pop them, im to scared to. i also have this ruff patch on my gums on my outer front jaw. i can scrape this white plaque off the ruff patch and when i do i can see it patch better, it kinda looks like some bumps but its hard to tell. i am 20 and i am a little over weight 188lb, i have smoked for six years now. and i also think i have other stuff going on down stairs but im not sure i really dont know much about anything down there.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor forum.I think it could be some STD sexually transmitted disease, could be syphilis also. Can be due to smoking, but chances are less .so visit some oral medicine doctor nearby you. Take care.

input: my doctor changed me to Norco 10 as of 1/14, it doesn t seem to alieaviate the pian in my back and shoulders as much is there anything else I can do the job I do is almost constant lifting and pulling of patients and I am not having as much relief now
output: If you have to be on medicines for pain, it calls for that you have a change of nature of work as lifting weights and patients would be an impediment to healing. Get your spine thoroughly examined and screened by spine specialist and if he recommends change of occupation/nature of work to lighter work then it may be confirmed from radiological evidence

input: I tripped on a pillow in the floor in a bedroom and hit my left arm (on the outside of the arm just below the elbow) on the dresser as I fell. I had immediate bruising. It was a huge bruise. I applied ice and the bruising went away within a week or so. However, it has been about a month ago and I still have a 2 in x 2 in swollen area that is firm in that area. Is this something I need to see my doctor with or will it heal?
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have bruise on left arm after having an injury. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like hematoma, soft tissue injury or infection. I would suggest you to apply ice pack thrice a day, take ibuprofen or acetaminophen and keep your arm elevated while lying down. If condition doesn't get well then consult general practitioner for proper examination. Doctor will examine physically and prescribe anticoagulant like heparin or main Chat Doctor.  Doctor may also prescribe antibiotics along with anti-inflammatory. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: A friend of mine recently had emergency brain surgery due to hemorrhaging. Neurologist have him sedated heavily but he can still respond with small arm movements and hand gestures, although he is unable to move the left side of his body. He had surgery on the right side of his brain so I know that can happen but what are the chances that the paralysis will be perminent. Also what are the chances that he will have any loss of brain fucntion and what kind?
output: Hi, Surgery in hemorrhagic brain stroke is done when it is massive bleed and for life-saving. Once he come out from ICU, sedation,it will take minimum 6 months for recovery. Recovery also depends on extent of lesion and involvement of important region effected and comorbid condition she may require long time physiotherapy and control of hypertension regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi I have gluten intolerance, along with milk intolerance, irritable bowel and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. I am considering going on a paleo diet with very low fructose. Is this realistic? I m concerned with wt. loss. I cannot afford to lose any more.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  You are gluten and lactose intolerance, and using paleo diet, with very low fructose. If you use very low calories, there will be weight loss.  Without the gluten and lactose you can use anything. The avoiding the vegetables etc. also can cause I.B.S. Take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts,and protein rich foods.  Chronic lymphocytes leukemia is a different thing and to be treated separately.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... About 2-3 months ago I noticed a soft round lump on my baby s penis. My GP Does not know what it is, it does not seem to bother my boy but now I notice another one has come out which is larger than the first. What is this?
output: Hi, It could be a Sega. Please upload an image here and get back to us and will try to help you, please. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: i have itching problem in most moistering area.first it will form one dot then if i get more itching sensation means after scratching it will spread around the area why it will happen,after one week it will reduce automatically.my recent esonophill count 7.what reason/why it will happen?what can i do?give some suggestion
output: These are allergies, and you have to find causal can be soap shampoo cream oils body application materials like Lena dyes scan be med salt like PCM ibuprofen vitamins calcium diet supplemented last by some food item get diagnose in these guidelines for temp cure can take anti-allergic basting 10 mg application ofmometasone in affects areas

input: I woke up this morning to take my little brother to school and felt fine. I came back and went back to sleep for about three more hours and I woke up with a severe back pain that I feel when I move. It also affects my breathing, every time I feel the pain I get a reaction of holding my breath and flexing my stomach. Most of the pain come from the right middle area of my back within my ribs, but it inflicts my whole back. Not to long ago I tried sleeping but my stomach cramped up pretty bad almost like someone was squeezing it. Anyways I m awake wondering if this is something temporary maybe because I slept wrong. Or can it be something severe which I doubt because like I said when I took my brother to school I felt perfectly fine.
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Since the pain is associated with deep breathing and there is no history of injury in the area, lung causes like pneumonia and pulmonary embolism need to be ruled out after proper investigations. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. Regards.

input: Hi, I am sumit age-22.i am suffering from jaundice form 12 days m blood test report.. bilirubin total-4.01 and direct 2.23,please suggest me what to do?
output: Hello have you have seen a doctor Semitic not please visit one to check your liver size, liver enzymes, viral markers, coagulation tests, take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I have, what I call, attacks sporadically. I have it usually at night and months can go by and I start thinking its not going to happen again. It feels like theres, like prisoners being executed, a wet sponge in my head and someone connected electricity. And it doesnt stop for hours and hours. Nothing stops it unless I take a bunch of sleeping pills.
output: Cellblocks like a kind of abnormal electric discharge in brain-kind of seizure disorder. It gets better with sleeping pills also points in same direction. Get an EEG and MRI Brain and starting an anti-epileptic Chat Doctor. Something like- option 300 mg at night or oxcarbazepine 300 mg twice a day will help you a lot. It will be best to get the reports checked by a neurologist. Hope this helps you and makes you good.

input: hello i am 29 yrs old i have been trying to conceive but i am not able to have, i have done many test and also follicular study all my reports are normal what should i do  i am really worried even after all this test i get my period every mnth now i am helpless even my husband s semen test is normal i have even done IVI
output: Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Don't worry. Stress is a factor which can cause infertility. I think you should take ovulation induction Chat Doctor.  Take progesterone in the post ovulatory period for 10 day. Have a positive approach. If within 6 months you donor conceive, get IVF one. Hope I have answered your queries. Good day.

input: My four yr old daughter has iron level of seven.according to dr m giving mumfer syrup 4ml od.but she strts to have s constipation evry time i start this.n then it does not become loosr even aftr giving duphalac.it takes a long time for her bowel to bcome normal again with laxative...why? N y is her iron leel low
output: Hi, Iron deficiency mainly due to poor oral intake or loss of blood in git secondary to warm infestation. Give your child one dose of albendazole 400 mg single dose and oral iron syrup. Give milk with Jagger and Green leafy vegetables. If you agree my suggestion kindly rate me. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...sir i think my left testis is divided into 2, and i am getting little pain in my left testis and seems to happen from last 2 days, i am really worried about that i am 25 years old and i have not done any sex and never had accident, please help me out
output: Hello, Sometime unaccustomed activity might cause slight discomfort in testis. If pain is excess and there is presence of redness than orchids should be ruled out. For that ultrasound testis can be planned The anti-Inflammatory medicine can be prescribed. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have noticed a loss of skin pigment on my genitals. One dime-nickel sized spot on the shaft, perfectly round and another spot at the base of the shaft leading onto my left testicle. I am 29 years old. I would like to know what is causing this and if it is in any way harmful to my health.
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum In short: Genital area is usually hyperpigmented, but you may also find less pigmented area over there. Explanation: If your hypopigmented patch is new or less sensitive to touch, you need to show it to your doctor and go for investigations to find out the cause for it. Most probably it is a fungal infection patch if it's itchy.  Any ways meet your doctor. Good luck

input: 12 1/2 month old toddlers stomach seems harder than normal.  She is happy and not in pain.  She has had issues with constipation, but has been drinking prune juice and with occasional miralax this has actually turned into more of a diarrhea issue.  Hardness seems to be on one side and closer to her ribs than her belly.
output: Hard feel of the belly may not necessarily be due to constipation. Prune juice and MiraLax are useful when hard stool is a problem, but, will need to be stopped if stools are loose and watery. Please visit a Pediatrician who will find out why the belly seems hard.

input: hi, I am 16 and I was wondering a few thing.  First, my penis cures to the left is that a problem?  Second, I get an erection when I wear boxer shorts how can I stop that?  Third, is there a way that I can shave my pubic hair without getting acne where I shaved? And finally, my left breast is bigger than my right, how can I fix that?
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorYour all the issues are not the problem in fact, curve penis is not the disease, this is absolutely normal, stop wearing the boxer pant if you are facing erection, acne can not happen due to the shaving the hair, you just forget all these things and take it easy, hope this information helps you, have nice day.

input: My brother a knee looks like it is protruding. Almost as if the bottom half of his leg is shifted backwards making the knee stick out a lot! His leg is also very hyper extended, but only that one leg! The other is completely fine and nice and straight. This condition was not always this way, he one day just noticed that one of his knees was hyper extended a bit. It is our belief that it has gotten worse over time! Please, any ideas what is wrong?
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history. A thorough clinical examination is advised along with an x-ray or an MRI. As the knee is in his it needs a thorough clinical examination and an MRI to understand the ligament injuries.Also, there will be shortening of the qua Chat Doctor.  You may need a thorough assessment and a physical therapy to help make this anatomical corrections. Regards Jay In

input: my urine dip test shows blood ++ and there are white flakes floating..My pregnancy test is +. I have crumbs in lower abdomen. If I am pregnant I have conceived 10 days ago. Is blood in urine and white flaks normal in the first 2 weeks of pregnancy?
output: Hi, No, blood in urine and white flakes, could indicate infection of the genital tract. Please ensure that the sample given was not contaminated, and a laboratory based urine routine and microscopy is advisable for you. Urinary tract infection is common in early pregnancy and needs to be treated to prevent miscarriage and other complications.Also, as you have cramps you need to get an ultrasound done and get evaluated by a gynecologist immediately. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: Hi, Ive been wondering why I have had one swollen lymph node on the left side of my neck close to my jaw bone right under my ear for a little over a month now. Its not badly swollen but it is not normal. I have also had frequent dizzy spells for about the same amount of time. When this started my doctor gave me antibiotics for a sinus infection and an inhaler for my cough. The inhaler works, but my lymph nodes never went down. I realize that I have allergies and there is alot of pollen in my area, could this be the cause of all of my symptoms?
output: Hi thanks for using Chat Doctor .... Lymph nodes could be due to some infection. Feel of the lymph node is also important lymph node structure will be different in different conditions Lymph node biopsy is also an option if the there is significant lymph node enlargement have to do a routine blood count to see any abnormality ....ENT consultation to rule out ear pathology Thank you....

input: I burned the roof of my mouth a few days ago and now theres a bump right behind my 2 top front teeth on the roof of my mouth. Idk exactly if its from the burn, but If I touch it with my tongue it doesnt hurt, but when my teeth do it hurts. I cant even close my mouth all the way. Ive been eating soft foods so that I dont accidentally bite it. Any ideas of how to get rid of it?
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have painful bump behind upper front teeth this can be due to thermal burn, or dental infection might be carious or periodontal infection like periodontal abscess. For this I will suggest you to consult oral surgeon for examination and in meantime you can apply ointment like Mugel or McCoppin on bump. Hope this will help you.

input: Thanks. 2010 I was told by my son s pediatrician that the muscles in his legs were breaking down ...enzymes? He couldn t shake a flu like occurrence that started Feb of that year and he was complaining of weakness through March. I can t recall the diagnosis. Any direction is appreciated. I can call the doc s office in the am and obtain the data if I have not provided enough data. Thanks again
output: What I can collect from your post is that your child is suffered from weakness and recently having prolonged fever. He might be suffering from Myositis or other congenital disease associated with weakness. I can't help you without the investigation workup that already you have done. Kindly post it to me. In many of the cases there are definite treatments which should be started as early as possible to get the best results. Thank you.

input: Hello, my 47 year old boyfriend said the doctor found a hole in his heart that is one eighth in size. His doctor recommened he see a radiologist for x-rays and a MRI of his heart because of years of very high, uncontrolled blood pressure. On the day of the appointment he was short of breath, weak, sweating, and his blood sugar dropped. He is also a type 2 diabetic. His doctor told him that surgery might be needed depending on the MRI results. My boyfriend is also a recovery addict of cocaine and heroin. Do you think the drugs played any role in this or made the hole become bigger? Is a hole of that size considered big? Does he have a higher risk of heart attack or heart failure? And do you think surgury is needed and if so, what kind? Lastly, why was this detected now, so late in life? Thank- you for your response.
output: Hello, After going through your medical query I understand your concern and would like to tell you that if he has a hole in the heart then surgery is recommended to prevent fury cardiac deterioration. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello, I have a major dental problem! Been to an oral surgeon and need all teeth removed - and then will have mini implants. But until I can get the $$ for this I have had alot of trouble. I have what I describe as a skin tag connected to my upper gum near where one of my teeth is missing. Also, a very painful whitish dot where one of my teeth used to be These are all along the top gum, within the smile line. Also, a very painful whitish dot where another tooth used to be. What could these be please? I am freaking out. I am soooo worried about infection and it spreading to other parts of my body.
output: Hello, with your above-mentioned description as major dental problem, whitish painful dot & skin tag . I can't get a clear picture of your problem. Be more specific. Or send a scanned copy of OPG to my mail ID along with detailed explanation of your problem. Whitish dot from when? Your age? Skin tag looks like? Detail all so that it can be sorted out. Take care

input: Hello Doctor,My sister has met with accident 20 days back and is currently in Columbia Asia Bangalore undergoing treatment for lung contusion as well along with spine injury.Doctors say that her cough reflecx is bad due to which she is unable to caugh out the secretions and mucus.Currently she is undergoing chest physio therapy and bronchoscopy to improve/ enlarge her lungs.Isnt there any way out to improve her cough reflex through medicines.Kindly provide your inputs
output: HiS he is currently taking the right treatment for the secretions believe me. In his condition medications don't help so much. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been sick since march with uper resp infec. I have been to my primary dr 8 times,eye spec,ear nose & throat doc. 4 times. i have been on amoxacillen,z tabs, cough syrups,ibp,steroid ear drops, & nose drops,had xrays-no bronc,pneum...but i keep coughing,my ribs really hurt-the ear specialist said my ears are healing, both ears were punctured & filled with water.I am starting to hear better,but there is still some wax in the bottom of ears,the Dr. said time will heal this & my primary dr. wants me to get tubes in myh ears....don t know who to believe. Most concerned about my ribs,mostly front & back sides are very tender. I do cough but not all day & not real hard. Tomorrow I am going to buy BUCKLEY cough syrup, it is good for dry dry coughs, it taste awlful but it helps, i used it a long time ago. what else can i do? SORRY I THOUGHT THIS WAS FREE.
output: Thanks for sending your query completely understood your scenario excessive coughing can cause pain in chest and burning sensation over chest and throat. For this u need to do some gargles with warm water and salt you can take tab paracetamol 500 SOS if cough is severe u can have spy.dextromethorphane 2 tiff Shoshone this helps can ask more queries anytime

input: my son who is thirty told me for 10 years he has had this but was to embarrassed to say anything. But last 2 days has been happening more times. He said the best way to describe he feels like he is going to black out and then he loses control in his left arm and leg. Loses control for 5-10 sec.
output: Hi ask him how many times he pass urine.severe thirst along with frequent urination may be due to increase sugar level.It's better to do blood sugar test done first.......thanks

input: Hello, my son has taken a spot on his side, its just the one spot, but it went quite septic and we out cream on it, there was abit of puss coming out, but now it looks like there is a hole in the middle of the spot and im just concerned as its the only one. What could this be and why has he taken it? A worried mum, thanks
output: Welcome to ChatDoctori appreciate your concern about your sons health symptom you are telling points that are your son is having a boil which has eroded and pus has come out.Don't worry pus oozing out is a good sign. Just take care of cleanliness so that it does not turn into an access. Keep cleaning it with methyl spirit. Let it Chat Doctor. don't apply creams. If it persists for two or three days give him a 5 days course of antibiotic like amoxicillin and see a physician.

input: i m 30 yr old boy from lidhiana( punjab) i had a prob on my face before 15 days ago i had chiken pox .now mostly chicken pox is finished bt i have so much black dark doats my face or my body.now i m using sun cross aqua gel ( ranbaxy Company) with 1 tab of limcee daily ..pls give me suggesion wt mdi i can use to remove all dark doats ........pls i will very thank ful to u plsss
output: Hello and Welcome to Chat Doctor, Thanks for writing to us. Vitamin E, known for its healing qualities, helps nourish skin and fade scars. Open a vitamin E capsule and apply gel directly to the scars twice a day until you see them start to fade, then apply once a day thereafter. Eat foods rich in vitamin K. These are good for your skin because vitamin K helps heal and protect skin from wounds and scars. Slice a fresh lemon and brush across your chicken-pox scars. Coat chicken-pox scars liberally in honey once a day. Rub raw garlic on your chicken-pox scars at night. If your scars are new, rub sandalwood oil on them. Do this for a few months, and you just might prevent your scar from setting in the first place. If your scars are very old, rub coconut oil on them every morning. Hope this helps you. Wishing you good health... Regards.

input: Hai,Iam having a doubt.Iam having PCOD and i m on infertility treatment.Yesterday was my 16th day of post menstruation and scanning shows that my uterine thickness is 5mm only and there is one 16mm sized follicle in right ovary.My doctor told me to take Alivher tablet(sildenafil citrate) 25mg per vaginally as BD dose.But I got it as a tablet form only and I thought that some pessary or suppository form will be available for insertion.So my doubt is,Can I keep this tablet itself into the uterus or not?Please clarify my doubts.Im so much worried about that.Because I have already kept one tablet inside.
output: Hi I think you can keep the tablet vaginally. There is no problem in that. Wash your hands with antiseptic soap or set-top and insert the tablet vaginally as high as possible. Hope it helps.

input: hello Sir,.I am 43 yrs old male  height 5.7 /175lbs from Newyork, usa, I am Indian orgin.I have sinus polyps ,blocks my nose and unable to breath, i had 2 times  surgeries one in 2000 yr and 2005yr.but it back within month after surgery,i have been taking prednisone almost 10 yrs,when i am on prednisone dose i could breath ,smell,taste after dose completed within month polyps come back.So I in year 8 to 9 months i am on prednisone.My ent doctor said that i have to go for Asprin Desensitisation treatment because he said i have Asprin,Ibropen allergy & Asthma. I dont want to go Asprint desensitisation treatment or surgery.can you please help with long term medicine to treat polyps.
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor. The history suggests that you are having sinus polyps. The definitive treatment for sinus polyps is surgery.Hence, I suggest you to undergo surgery. Thank you

input: I am a 28yr old female and I have a lump on the outer area my left armpit, a little smaller than a marble, nowhere near the breast tissue. Its not at all painful. doesnt seem like a swollen gland or ingrown, it has been there about 10 days with no changes I have been getting laser hair removal on my armpits for 5 months now, do you think there is any relation?
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum That may be due to swollen lymph nodes because of the treatment you are undergoing.  So, please consult your treating doctor for examination and further management to rule out other causes of lump.  All the best.

input: I started having tremors in my right thumb and finger several years ago. Then 3 years ago I started having severe nerve pain. My legs don t want to move freely. I have been checked for m.s. and was told it is all in my head. Tremor is now spreading and my legs still dont work with ease. I am now having tremors or constant movement on the right side of my body. Drs make me feel like im crazy. One other thing is that I can identify with all symptoms. I get a numb feeling in my mouth right side feels like I have been given novacaine. Please help
output: Your doctors might be reasonable on the basis of allopathic science. In Ayurveda, it is called vitiation of Data humor esp a kind of Data is Van Vyu which manifests itself in the whole body nerves. It, most probably, is camp Data and can be corrected if select medicine on the basis of more info is given for some time. Medicines are harmless and natural. If you agree, meet any Ayurveda doctor near you or write me direct question giving some more history. Hope it's helpful.

input: Hi, I am anorexic and I am taking Aciphex 20 mg. 2xday; Topomax 75mg.2x day, Pritiq 100mg. 1xday, Lyrica 125mg. 2x day, and Abilify 10mg. 1x day. I have been experiencing muscle spasm, where I can not control my legs, and fall and stumble, I do not know where I am at times, I am confused, I can not say what I want, my mouth will not say what my brain wants. Are they interacting with each other an causing me harm?
output: Your symptoms of disorientation, weakness in legs may be due to hypoglycemia, a condition where blood sugar gets lowered due to inadequate food due to anorexia. You may consult a neurologist if you have doubts. Blood sugar testing should be done. Cause for anorexia should be diagnosed and treated. Report to your treating doctor too to know whether any of medicines you are on is causing side effects

input: yes, I ve had now 4 rounds of chemo and 14 herceptins, and the first round I broke out around my port. The doctor said it was a rash , but it just kept getting worse, burning hurting iching. He sent me to get a port study and the result was the nurses had not been putting the needles in correctly and the chemo has been leaking out around the port causing severe large burn on my chest . They will be removing this port as soon as it heals, but can you tell me how this could damage the inside of my body?
output: Hi, Long course of chemo generally given through chemo port, probably your port entry site has been infected, then according to culture sensitivity report proper antibiotics to be chosen. Port can be taken out, and a new port may be created, That depends on your doctor. Anyway, the chemo or Herceptin will not cause much harm to your body due to local contamination.

input: FOR PAST 1YR  IAM SUFFERING FROM SKIN ALLERGY RASHES FREQUENTLY(THRICE LAST YR)(TWICE THIS YEAR)...I DONT KNOW THE REASON BEHIND IT.....BUT TWICEI GOT THIS ALLERGY WHEN I GOT FOOD FROM OUTSIDE....I AM 30YRS NOW....FOR PAST 28 YRS I HAVE BEEN EATING OUTSIDE....FREQUENTLY....BUT I HAVE NOT SUFFERED ANY KIND OF ALLERGIES,BUT FOR PAST 1ST YR ONLY I AM SUFFERING  FROM THIS KIND OF FREQUENT SKIN RASHES....IS THERE ANY POSSIBLITY TO FIND THE REASON FOR THIS....OR IS THERE ANY REMEDY...WILL MAIDA OR CORN FLOUR CAUSE ANY ALLERGY....WILL A PERSON GET THESE KIND OF ALLERGIES SUDDENLY(I.E..,MID OF THEIR LIFE SPAN)
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The history and symptoms suggests me that you are having some food allergy, these allergens will stimulate the mast cell to release histamine which is producing all these symptoms. I would suggest you to undergo skin prick test (SPT) for different most prevalent food allergens to identify the food causing these symptoms. By doing to this it is possible to identify the allergen, by doing this you can avoid the food causing these symptoms, if it is not possible to avoid the food you can go for immunotherapy either with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) or subcutaneous immunotherapy (SUIT). Thank you.

input: hi my name is fizzah.. i am facing severe depression and a feeling of loneliness and hopelessness... i am a married women and i have a son of 6 months... even after i had a love marriage my life still seems to be empty.. the fear of my past relation still haunts me and the fear of losing a loved one is taking over my mental peace. i feel depressed and guilty every time someone mistreats me or makes me responsible for something i didnt do. please tell me how can i get over this depression...
output: Hello fizz ah, I can understand the stress which you are facing. This problem of depression is awful. But excellent treatments are available. You need to start with antidepressant Chat Doctor. Few other important things are:You should prioritize the goals and persons in your life and act accordingly. Hiding the things from your dear ones will make your guilt feeling worse. It would be difficult but try and gather the courage to discuss your emotions with your loved ones. Hope you find these suggestions useful. Thanks.

input: Hi Dr - Have psoriasis on my arm, have tried various home remedies including cayenne pepper mixed with olive oil to a paste - I nearly went through the roof with the reaction (burning) I got. Have been putting on aloe vera moisturizer which helps. Is there anything else I can try? Many thanks - Wendy Baker
output: Hello, Thanks for posting to Chat Doctor, Use local application for banana oil. Tab. Need twice a day. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: im 25 yrs old i did unprotected sex with ny boy friend on 4th of april i took birth control pill on 5th of april and also did pregancy test it was negative than i did another test on 11th april it was also negative than again we did sex on 18th april and again i took birth control pill i have some early symptoms of early pregnancy but i dont knw its a sign that im pregnant or these are the side effects of the birth cobtrol pill.if im am pregnant i dont want this baby plz help me and suggest me a abortion pill
output: Hi dear user, thanks for your query. You have not mentioned anything about your menstrual cycles. Pregnancy test cannot be positive just after having intercourse. Also, morning pills are protective in 75% cases. So, I cannot rule out pregnancy in your case. In my opinion, first, you get a serum beta Chat Doctor test done to diagnose pregnancy only if you have missed your period and, if it comes out to be positive then, one ultrasound to see gestation and location of pregnancy. Only after that, you should think of abortion. Hope this helps.

input: I have 10 months old child when he was for day old he had fits and then after four months again he suffered from fits. but not he taking treatment with a neuroligist but still today he didnt have one. But he is moving his hand and legs very well but still not started to crawl. When we make him stnd he keeps on jumping and climbing up. Is there any problem
output: No not at all. Crawling usually started on 3 -6 months of age. At 6 month babies are usually sitting on the floor without any support and around 10 months of age they try to stand and walk with some support. According to your history the baby shows appropriate developmental stage. So do not worry. Fits may be due to febrile convulsions which may not need any treatment and usually resolve after 5 year of age.(But history is not sufficient to tell whether it is febrile convulsions)

input: I am a 32 year old woman having bulky uterus and endometrial thickness. I have been suffering in irregular and heavy menstruation for more than 15 years. I want to get relief from this.I have a 2.4 years old son, if I wish to conceive now, is there any problem?pls advice me .
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. Better to go for dilatation and curettage once with your doctors' advice. This helps for diagnostic purpose, to obtain the tissue for histopathological examination. And for therapeutic purpose. By doing D&C heavy bleeding can be decreased in next cycles. If the histopathological examination shows normal tissue, no need to worry. Once check for hormonal profile and thyroid profile. If you are having regular ovulation, there may not be any problem in getting pregnancy. Track the ovulation and plan intercourse around that period. This will increase the possibility of pregnancy. If hormonal profile is somewhat abnormal, you may need support of hormones in the early pregnancy. Take care.

input: i am getting my follicular ultrasound done today...i am 23 and trying to concieve for the past 4 months..i have regular periods..and i am on my 13th day of the cycle today..we had sex yesterday..will a follicular study today reveal if i have concieved today ?
output: Hi, A follicular study shows the development of the egg in the follicle, and can indicate the size of the follicle and can identify when the follicle ruptures. It cannot say if fertilization has occurred or not. Have you taken ovulation induction as well? If you have been trying for 4 months only, I would advise you to wait for 1 year, as most couples(85%) conceive in a years time on their own. The remaining need to be evaluated for the cause and then treated. The most likely period to conceive is 36 hours after the follicle ruptures. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: Blood sugar has been high for several days now. Today it keeps going up again. It is now at 356. I have also been peeing ALOT and very thirsty last couple of days. Should I adress this or wait to see if it levels out. Also I am on Metfromin 500mg twice a day.
output: Hello dear user! I have gone through your query and understood your concerns! Thank you for sharing them on Chat Doctor. Such levels of blood sugar, excessive urination and thirst you are experiencing lately indicate an uncontrolled diabetes. Unfortunately metformin you are taking seems to be unable to control blood sugar by itself. You will need a combination of Chat Doctor.  I would recommend you to contact your endocrinologist as soon as possible to help you get the proper cure and lower the sugar level. Don't stay at home waiting if it levels out. It won't. I hope this answer was helpful to you! Please kindly rate it as helpful and write a short review about your experience with me! I would appreciate that a lot. Thank you and best regards!

input: Is it a dangerous condition to have a bulging disc at L4-L5 and a herniated disc at L5-s1 both of which are compressing the thecal sac. Patients symptoms are intermittent back pain and intermitten pain on left side of buttock and mild pain in left foot
output: Hello, As this is not a major condition and can be taken care of. Bulging disc and a herniated disc is due to degenerative changes in the intervertebral disc and this is one of the common problems which most people have. Some may have symptoms like - radiating pain where some may have nothing. Depends upon who has what symptoms they will be advice to undergo physiotherapy session for strengthening the core muscles, spinal muscles, hip muscles, and lower limb as a whole. Most patients have a positive outcome post physiotherapy treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I recently had some blood tests done and found I had a high enzyme level on my liver . The doctor put this down to heavy drinking over the festive period and asked me to book in for a secondary set of blood tests in order to confirm this and hopefully see the levels drop and asked me to stop drinking. I have now had my second set of blood tests results which indicate high ESR levels but they were ok in the first set of tests? Since my first set of tests I have gone back to the gym and lifting heavy weights as well as having a large volume of protein shakes in and between gym sessions. Could this be a reason for a high/abnormal ESR levels?
output: Hello, kevismename,I fully agree with your doctor that asked you to quit  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...hi Im 18 and I have a question about pregnancy. my LMP was july 21st and I havent gotten my period since then. I have a lot of cramps like if my periods about to come but it doesnt. and sometimes my breasts hurt but for 5 seconds and then it goes away. also I feel like Im leaking from down there and I think its my period but its nothing. Ive also taken hpts several times but they all come back negative. also I get like a tingling sensation around my belly button. could I be pregnant?
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. The first sign of pregnancy is missed period. And to confirm a urine pregnancy test need to be done a week after missed period for accurate results. The symptoms of pregnancy like nausea, vomitings, increased urination, sore breasts start 2 weeks after missed period. The fetal movements start around 5 months of pregnancy. The chance of pregnancy appears less with your symptoms but confirmation need to be done by urine pregnancy test. If the test is negative there is no chance of pregnancy. So relax. Avoid stress because stress also causes hormonal imbalance and delays the period. Best regards...

input: Hello my daughter fell in the shower the other day and hit her head she seemed fine just a little sore now she has a fever stomach and crusty swollen eyes when she wakes up that are blood shot she also went swimming in lake Erie about a week ago Im not sure why she is sick like this.
output: Hello, The blood shot eyes with crusting is because of the conjunctivitis I presume which she contracted in the swimming pool. Swimming pools infections need a thorough investigation by a competent ophthalmologist. I suggest you please consult one soon. Avoid self medications. The fever might not be related to the conjunctivitis. Though it is not rare to have both together but considering the situation I suggest you to get the eyes examined first.

input: hay doc. i am 35 year old my peni size 3 only but at  that time of motion it became 4 and after lichige noemale position it is 3. i am doing hand practice since 12 year  of my age.  my question is  i am male or shemale               age- 35 y  height- 165cm  weight- 65 kg
output: Hello, You are a male for sure because you are able to do masturbation using your own penis. You have a length of 4 inches on the erection and that is a good size. Don't worry too much about it. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My son is 10 years old and he is having 2nd molar coming out. He is experiencing terrible pain since past one month. In between he had some cold , fever. He took medicines and now complaining about wrist and joint pain in both hands. Can you please tell us why is it so ? Can it be because of new molar coming out ? His blood test report for Rheumatic Arthritis and Rheumatic fever is negative....... please help
output: Good evening, the wrist and joint pains is unlikely because of arthritis or coming of molar. Some fevers also cause joint pains. However, if the fever has subsided and still the child is having pain it could also be because of calcium or vitamin D deficiency. A blood test for Serum Calcium/ Ionic calcium and vitamin D levels should be ideally done and started on appropriate supplements. X-ray of the involved joints can be done to support the diagnosis.

input: I had a tetanus shot about 3 days ago and now I have a very sore small lump in my neck near my collar bone, is this normal? The only reason Im concerned is I just had a c-section and Im worried about blood clots. I did not notice this lump before the shot, so I dont think it is a clot but I thought I would check.
output: Hi, Reviewed your query.Don't worry, as by no means the sore lump near collar bone would occur due to clot after the tetanus shot in the arm. This lump seems mostly due to the general immune reaction with flare up of the lymph node near the collar bone. Still I would advise you to have a check-up from your doctor to get the worry ruled out. Hope this would relive your query satisfactorily. Write excellent review and hit thanks if this has helped to resolve your issue. Welcome again further for any query in this regard. Have a good day. Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS

input: I have a cresent shaped ring that really doesnt itch unlesss I provoke by scratching it. Its almost like a bruise more than a rash. Its on my calve and now I have a smaller one that is on the same leg but the side of the opposit side of the calve. I thought it was ringworm so bought some topical at thr drung stort but nothing change after 2 weeks. what else could it be.
output: It is varicose veins. It comes from standing for long time or as a result of increased weight. You should take care of yourself regarding weight and effort. When sleeping raises both feet on something to allow blood to go easily to your heart. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help

input: My 5 1/2 month old son has his first cold. I took him to the doctor on Monday and she prescribed his 1.25ml of Dimetapp every 4-6hrs, his cough now sounds much worse with him gasping for air & then vomiting clear phlegm. Is this the dimetapp breaking up the problem or should I take him back to the doctor today?
output: You take him back to the doctor. 5 and half month with cough gasping for air may be worrisome. Have you immunized the baby? Is there any chest in Chat Doctor. You keep him well HY

input: I am a 22 year old male and I work aboard cruise ships.  In order to be approved for work, I must undergo a full medical exam.  18-19 months ago when I took my exam, they came back with high levels of SGOT and SGPT and absolute monocytes.  After taking the test over again, all numbers where back to normal.  The doctor while unsure what caused it, suggested perhaps the intense work out I had done the night before the initial tests caused the numbers to go up. Two weeks ago I had to undergo the same full medical exam to go back to my new ship, and this time the SGOT and SGPT came back high again. SGOT at 191 and SGPT at 97.  I did have drinks the night before the tests but I still would like to know if I should be concerned.
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... Previously when liver enzymes high yes it can be by myositis or muscular problem by too much work load.... But again this time enzymes level high, and you have history of alcohol.... So investigate your case with USG first to rule out fatty liver.... It will also reveal gall stone like condition if present....HIDE scan also seems to be helpful.... Alcohol also is the causative factor... So try to avoid over Chat Doctor. .... If still needed viral marker study done to rule out chronic carrier case....Meanwhile, take low fat diet.... Fruits more.... If still cause not clear detail history taken with subsequent investigation for detail work up... And if doctor needed even biopsy might be done for advance investigation ... Take care.

input: First off I do have hpv.... I had sex with someone new and a few days later noticed my lymph nodes in my groin were sore. No discharge nothing else just swollen nodes for a week now. Today I noticed the fluid filled blisters under the head. Is this my hpv acting up?
output: Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious diseases specialist, answering your query. In my opinion it is not an HPV.HPV never causes fluid filled blister and lymph nodes. It is other STD. Definitive diagnosis can be possible only after Grams staining from blister fluid followed by microscopic examination. You can wear condom during sex. This will prevent further transmission of infection. You can take the simultaneous treatment of HPV and other STD. Treatment for both the partner is necessary to prevent cross infection. I will be happy to answer your further concern, you can ask me on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.  Thank you. ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist.

input: My 3 year old son had his tonsils and adenoids removed on Thursday. Fluid intake it good, pain is controlled with children advil every 6-8 hours. He has been running mild fevers but has been sweating and has chest congestion. Should I be concerned.
output: Mild fever could be due to infection post surgery. Adequate duration of antibiotics are sufficient to control fever and other symptoms.

input: I think I had an allergic reaction to something...possibly some tea I was drinking. My symptoms are flu light: mild fever, body aches, joint pain, sore throat, blisters on extremities, and pain on fingertips. Do these symptoms resemble some other issue? I m not feeling horrible but just strange. Thank you!
output: Viral disease leads to these symptoms. These are self limiting symptoms. You need to take plenty of oral fluids, symptomatic treatment for fever and all.

input: I was diagnosed with stage 0-1 November 2012--first time was November 1998--same breast--lumpectomy Jan 1999.  Double mastectomy Jan 2013--reconstructive surgery finished for now--no knowledge of any current cancer.  Took 1 mg of anastrozole Jan 2013 to Nov 2013--severe burning in uretha and vulva--switched to tamoxifen 20 mg--no relief--switched to 10 mg--still burning--off all cancer medicine now for a week.  Burning is much subsided --still a little discomfort sometimes--now what?
output: It is not all common to have burning sensation in urethra with anastrazole. You have not written whether you were investigated for other causes of burning sensation like infection. You have also not mentioned your age, since postmenopausal status can cause Chat Doctor.  Stopping medication is not advisable since you had malignancy twice. Find out the cause clearly before stopping the medicine

input: Hello, If you are an orthodontist, please help. I have been wearing retainers for almost a year. Nonstop aside from when I eat. My last visit, I was advised to wear them only at night. I noticed significant change 2 weeks later after doing so. My teeth kept shifting. So I switched to wearing them all the time again. The shifting doesnt stop. Did I mess up?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint Orthodontic Retainers are advised to maintain the changed teeth position after achieving proper alignment of teeth post completion of orthodontic treatment. But in case if the teeth movement has started occurring and not being controlled even after increasing the time duration of wearing retainers, there is a possibility that the retainer wires have become loose and not providing sufficient pressure over the teeth leading to relapse of the maligned teeth. I would therefore suggest you to consult your Orthodontist and get evaluated and a thorough clinical evaluation and x-rays can help in diagnosis and treatment can be done accordingly. You might need a fixed orthodontic treatment followed by repeated wearing of the retainers. The orthodontist might also advise you removable orthodontic appliances for re-achievement of alignment. You should also not delay the treatment or else there can be complete relapse of misalignment and then treatment can take a long time. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Doctor,My mom (57) 156 cm, 115 pounds, had very recently gone for dental consultation to a reputed specialty. A couple of routine tests were asked to be taken which are OPG - Digital, CBC, RBS, BT, CT and PT. After examination they formulated a treatment plan which includes -Scaling and polishing- Lower arch - Dental implants under local anesthesia, with or without adrenaline 1 is to 80000- Upper complete dentureThe following medication would be givenCap Phexin 250 mgTab EnzoflamWe have also provided them a brief medical history of my mother which includes her medical condition known as Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy, from what we understand from her symptoms for which is taking Tegretol, 200 to max 400 mg day. As per observation her seizure occurrence has been 2 seizures a day that occur every 15th or 16th day or at times an episode of seizure if highly stressed or unwell or traveling bound.We are satisfied with the treatment plan provided by this dental clinic. Now since she has this specific epilepsy condition that I mentioned above, we have been asked to get her family doctor or the doctor under whom she may be getting treatment for epilepsy to provide CONSENT letter about her general health so as to proceed with the dental treatment without any further complications.As such she does not have any specific doctor that has been treating for her for this condition and perhaps as suggested by some doctor in her late 20s she was recommended Dilantin, and then later on Mazetol and for last several years she is taking Tegretol which has pretty much kept her seizures in control. Although she has never been seizure free for a consistent period of time in spite of regular use of these medication, but to a large extent it is the only support system for her. I have read of anesthesia without adrenaline for epileptic patients and also that most epileptic patients can successfully get implants done.Could you please suggest what would be the correct course of action to be taken to avoid the least amount of risk or complication, before, during and after this treatment.
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern for your mother if your mother is epileptic patient, and now she supposes to go for teeth extraction then no need to worry about this only matter is dentist should be informed for this and your mother would have taken a great care, hope this information helps you, take care and have a nice day.

input: I believe that my husband has been in contact with poison ivy. He had itching of the scrotum for a few days. Now his scrotum has enlarged to the size of a grapefruit. He says that they burn , feels hot and is excreting oil. It has now caused some sort of allergic reaction to the areas around his eyes. There is swelling around his eyes and cheeks. He is also getting a rash on his hip, legs and parts of his arms. I am giving him Benadryl , Motrin and over the counter creams for poison ivy. Nothing is helping. I am starting to get really worried because he doesn t want to go to the hospital. Could this cause more harm to him? Also is it contagius to me and my famille?
output: THIS SWELLING OF ORGANS WITH THIS INTENSITY ARE ALLERGIES MIXED WITH FUNGUS IT SPREADS ALSO WHERE THE HAND GOES CAN TRY NONALLERGIC FEXOFENADINE 120 MG BDT AB CPM AT NIGHT ADD FLUCONAZOLE 150 MG ONCE A DAY FOR 4 WEEKLY ANTIFUNGAL MIXED WITH NONALLERGIC OINTMENT ON AFFECTED PARTS CAN APPLY HISTOCALAMINE ON SCROTUM AND FACE ONCE A DAY ADD LOT OF WARM WATER TO Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I have applied garlic on my cheecks and got my skin burnt and peeled around 3 months back.Now my skin is creamish to pinkish colour and have unevn skin in this area.It looks awkward.Please tell me some remedy to make my skin look as normal skin in the affected area.I consulted dermatologist but he said we cannot say about the skin.It may cure naturally but it is already 3 months.Please tell me the solution so that my skin heal soon as normal skin.How to make my skin even look so that the small holes are make invisible in that affected area
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor If the damage to the skin was deep then there is slim chance of return to normal color due to scar formation. The only option left will be skin grafting which will help to restore normal skin texture and tone. You will need to discuss with a Plastic surgeon if there is no improvement in 2 months time.

input: MY AGE IS 32 N SUFFRING FROM COLD N COUGH... ALSO SUFFRING FROM SLEEPLESS HOLE NIGHT..PLZ SUGGEST ME WHAT I DO.. EOSINOPHIL 20 QUINTITY SHOWN IN BLOOD Editiiiiiiii im suffering from eosinophil quintity is 20.. suggest me what i do n whts side effects... im suffering from eosinophil quintity is 20.. suggest me what i do n whts side effects
output: you're suffering from eosinophilic. U have to avoid all the allergens factor such as pollen grains. Is there anybody suffering from asthma or urticaria in your family.

input: Hi, I ve been having pain in my right hand, all over. I don t know if it is something other than carpal tunnel, or the start of it. I don t have numbness though, but feel I should have it looked at somewhere. My index finger is so stiff in the morning that I can t even bend it! Yesterday, both hands were so inflamed that I had ice on it most of the day. At night I put on an arthritis cream, gloves, and loose hand braces. I usually take Tylenol for pain, but last night I took Ibuprofen (which usually makes me so groggy that I can t do anything else if I take it throughout the day). I don t know whether I would just need a cortisone shot (even though it usually takes two months to work), but what to do in the mean-time to get through work. I have pain throughout the whole hand, and it has even gone into my elbow. I have never done well with Prescription Medicines as they have given me stomach upset. Help! Thank you, Marge...Sorry I will not pay. Don t have the money, I work just a few hours a week. Thanks, but no thanks. I guess it s just inevitable that I need to seek help.
output: Pain leading to anxiety is the major problem. Reduce your anxiety. Visit orthopedic doctor. Take some therapies. Pain will gradually Come down.

input: young male, 23yrs old, married. I have no history of urinary infections, does not burn when i urinate, but i do however urinate 15-20 trips to the toilet daily. i have not been tested for sexually transmitted infections/diseases, but do suffer from dry skin on and around my foreskin.
output: Hello Thank you for trusting Chat Doctor Common cause for frequent urination is urinary tract infection. Since when you have this problem??? Have you passing more than lit /day? What is the color of the urine?? Other possible causes are1.diabetes mellitus 2.diabetes insipid us 3.interstitial cystitis 4. Chat Doctor. Consult your doctor he will treat you accordingly. (after investigations)

input: ok  iam 40 years old i have the diagnoses off carcinoid sydrome  also  had carcinoid  benign  removed years ago   now my heartvalves are damadged uncontrooled bloodpressure fluctiating from 80 over 38  and than jumps to 158 over 126 my spect scan was normal  but does a spect scan show subcentimeter lesions ? because thats what i have  multiple lesions liver kidney and endlarged lymphnotes pulmenery arch also acteleases off both lower lobes off the lungs , ostreotide scan came back  normal uptake 24 hrs only  but c t scan showed it  dont know what else to do?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Atelectasis is partial collapse of part of lung. Most common cause for this is mucus collection in lungs. So treatment of atelectasis is 1. Broad spectrum antibiotic like levofloxacin or azithromycin once a day.2. Bucolic and expectorant Chat Doctor. 3. N acetyl cysteine (NAC)4. Chest physiotherapy and deep breathing exercises. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Don't worry, your atelectasis will be improved with above treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, My dermatologist had prescribed me Finax tab and a particular hair oil for cure of hair loss. However after taking tabs for 1 month I noticed increased acidity and also lesser errection. I am afraid that it might lead to impotency so I have stopped taking this tablet now. Please suggest.
output: Hi, Yes, these are some common side effects of final. The common side effects of final include headache, weight gain, abdominal pain, and swelling of the fact and lips. Since it acts by preventing the formation of active male sex hormone, it can cause decreased interest in sexual intercourse, inability to have or keep an erection loss in sexual ability, desire, or performance. Ask your doctor for an alternate effective, but a safer medicine for hair loss like minoxidil lotion. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, my mother age 51 was diagnosed with pnuemonia in the right lung.she was hospalised for 5 days on antibiotics.she came home.pain at the back was gone.only thing she struggling with is coughing,fatigue,decreased appetite,short of breath.what can be wrong with her? Sputum was send away came back negative.no blood when she coughs.
output: Hi, I am sorry for the situation your mother is in. I am also happy to know that her pneumonia has gone, and no blood was when coughing. Cough is a remaining symptom after pneumonia or other respiratory tract infections. She might not need to take antibiotics anymore but symptomatic medications :- Multics to dissolve and clear off the sputum (e.g. carbocystein or acetylcystein, etc.)- anti-hystaminic Chat Doctor. g. Ben

input: sir, I had taken aten-25 last October-10 for 15 days only, early in the morning. after that I feel my pulse comes down 48 from 84. I asked my doctor, he advised me to stop this medecine. now my pulse 55 when I wake up, after taking meals and going to office it gradually increase to 60 and 70 maximum. also I note that pulse is not regular, after 20 - 25 pulse the gap between 2 pulse increase upto 4-5 pulse than come down at starting level again. should I go to a doctor for this?
output: Hellothanks for posting here. As per your statement, a pulse rate of 50-70 are quite within the normal range. You seem to have missed beats every 20 -25 beats which may be normal in some people. But if it is causing you symptoms like dizziness, or loss of consciousness then they are a matter of concern. Also, we must know what type of missed beats they are. So if it is troubling you too much, a holder monitoring which is a 24 hr heart EKG monitoring should be done. Also a stress test should be done which will show if these missed beats increase with exercise. Atenolol and its group of Chat Doctor.  You can be started on half dose of 25 mph atenolol only if you are having symptoms or if any of the above tests come positive. Thank you

input: hi doctor...i get neck pain which causes pain the back, shoulders all thru the day..this inturn leads to heaviness in the eyelids abnd a sickly feeling...further it gets worse if i go out in the sun...i need to have my glares on otherwise i will suffer...what is causing this...what is the remedy???
output: Hello, Oh, worse without the sun. Cannot say in your particular case, but generally, this is a fatigue response that everyone has some of called PHOTIC REFLEX.  Several medicines have worked in some people but mainly getting enough rest and checking with a sleep study is most likely to fix it. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, my sister is suffering from white patches all over the body over the years.can it be cured by any means?
output: Hello there are many type of white spot it may be vitiligo, lucoderma, or leprosy better to visit your nearest doctor there are plenty of good medicine in homeopathy which is helpful in white spot. Tell me please whether it is numb or itching only then I can help you.thanks

input: Hi. My father is diagnosed with multiple myeloma one year ago. His doctor said that it was at the very begin phase.He was cured with adriamycin for nearly 7 months. Now he is taking bondronat. Since January he has interrupted the chemio therapy.He says he feels good. He goes out every day he wants to work so he is a very active person. He is 57 years old. Can you help me with more information about(the advance, the cures. How long he is going to live as Ive heard that people diagnosed with MM live 3-5 years?). Thankyou!
output: Multiple myeloma is not curable in majority, in fact the treatment target is not cure but to suppress it. If he is otherwise fit, autologous BMT should be done after initial chemo. It gives prolonged control of disease. Ask your oncologist regarding BMT

input: Dear sir, Iam here Mohammed.Ghouseuddin,from Hyderabad, AP,India, my sister suffering since 2 years hypothyroidism and not only Hypothyroidism, Fever,high blood pressure,difficulty swallowing, giddiness,weakness, neck pain, headache,left leg pain and unable to take food . since 2years there is no improvement , Here doctors advised following investigation exams, TSH ,T3,T4,Anti TPO,antibodies,anti thyroglobulin.(positive), Medicine are continues taking 1.Amtas-At 2.Thyronorm-50 I have change 4 doctors till know, Mr.bipin shetty, Carehosital.Mr.chandrashekar,Clinic,Prassana Yashoda hospital, Mr.rakesh sahay Osmania hospital. Please advise for this history ,waiting for Your replay with solution Thanks Yours faithfully. Ghouse
output: Hello, I would recommend consulting also with a neurologist for a physical exam and performing nerve conduction studies in order to investigate for possible Myasthenia Graves or peripheral neuropathy. A brain MRI study may be needed too.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have tiny holes or indentions in my lower gum and the connecting line between my gum and lower lip appears to have a cut or tiny hole in it as well. it hurts really bad, especially when I open it in order to see it. like when air hits the wound. my lips have been chapped, and im just most comfortable not speaking or opening my mouth at all because it hurts so bad. what should I do?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting the query, According to your symptoms I suppose that you have accidentally traumatized your lower gum.Don't worry apply Colonel oral ointment topically over the affected area. At home take lukewarm saline and antiseptic mouthwash rinses. Take tab Mimi BDS for 3 days. Take care!

input: dear sir there is swelling in my mouth left side n i have consulted with three dentist and all told me the reason is wisdom tooth n today a doctor suggested me for ogr x ray n after seeing that xray doctor told me that i have rasoli under my left side teeth no 6,7,8 n suggested me for surgery n told me that may b my left side teeths get damaged . so pls guide me sir
output: The jaw swelling is a symptom of wisdom teeth growing in, and it can also happen due to infection of gums which is basically due to either less space for eruption of wisdom tooth or due to wrong angle of growth of wisdom tooth. This swelling of jaw is very painful and patient is unable to open the mouth. It is not always that wisdom teeth causes problems but if they are impacted they can be really Chat Doctor.  So getting the treatment for wisdom teeth is very important, and the treatment is extraction of wisdom teeth. In addition to this, you must be open with your dentist regarding any reservations that you may have about the procedure. You have to discuss the dangers as well as the advantages of doing the procedure. Furthermore, you also have to decide whether you feel that the procedure would be good for you. After the discussion, if you are still not satisfied with all the information that the doctor gave you, it is best to have a second opinion about the matter.

input: I have been on Dian 35 on and off for about 15 years. I have has two bouts of major depression and I am on lyrica and lexapro for the past five years. I am 45 years old. I am now experiencing Utis. Could they be caused by dian 35 and could my anxiety and depression caused it too? Would you recommend that I come off Dian 35?
output: Hi there ~ Diane 35 is a contraceptive medication and will not cause Otis.  Anxiety and Depression are treated with Learn and Lyrics, however you need to understand that you should also consider if you are experiencing any changes in your symptoms of anxiety and depression that is making your lifestyle worse i.e. you are not Chat Doctor.  If that is the case then you might have had Otis indirectly due to that reason.  However, not good sexual or genital hygiene and deny

input: This week I have had a fever and few nights I went to bed with no fever and woke up in a sweat. I have had different bowel movements. some healthy with no pain and some diarrhea . I have had some fatigue also. Im a runner. Today I felt well enough to run a race a 1/2 marathon. For a few miles of the race I started to have some low right ab pain by hip bone . I ran through it and it went away. I have no fever right know but a few minutes ago I stood up and a very sharp pain that lasted for a few minutes I immediately put pressure on the area an it eased the pain some. At the first attack the pain was a 9 it dropped me to the floor and I lade there for about 5 minutes. Now the pain is about a 3 level. I have had some hurting pain when I urinate and ejaculate also 3/4 level. Could this be symptoms of appendicitis?
output: Hello, In view of symptoms, particularly since there is pain during urination possibility of right lower ureteric stone is more likely than an appendicitis. A sonography can help distinguish between these two and also determine other cause of such pain if any. Regards.

input: I had been taking 50 mgs of Zoloft and my doctor raised my dosage to 100 mgs, she did this to take me off xanax, which I had been on for 12-15 years, I was taking 2mg at bedtime to calm me down so I can sleep. I am now having tremors and involuntary muscle movements, always occuring through the night, and cant sleep now until the wee ours of the morning,
output: Hi there, thanks for asking. Tremors, involuntary muscle movements and sleep problems are the common side effects of serotonergic reuptake inhibitors which Zoloft, paroxetine, fluoxetine, etc. are belonged to it. Most of the time, the side effects you mentioned are transient and decrease after several weeks. If sleep problem persists, the doctor can change this medication to a medication from the class of tetra cyclic antidepressants if your situation allows. I wish you a good health.

input: Hi, i had a tooth taken out about a month ago ,the cause started with receeding gums,which caused infection,and became to loose to save, i also have a recceding gum on a front tooth, i had never had problems with it before, but now my lower front gums are stinging,i brush mt teeth twice daily,and use a mouth wash 3 times a day,
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. The loose teeth, recession , inflammation all shows signs of chronic periodontitis. Using the mouth wash thrice will not help as it may cause over usage and in turn stain the teeth. I would advise you to visit a periodontist in your area and get your teeth cleaned professionally and then use the mouth wash for a few days. Use the proper technique of brushing. Use a desensitizing paste for a while. Once the teeth are cleaned and maintained well, the recession and mobility may reduce. If still persistent recession, the periodontist will plan the next treatment for recession. Hope this was useful. Thanks and regards.

input: Hi,  I had a hysterosalpingogram the result show the right fallopian tube was identified appear patent with spillage into the peritoneal cavity however the contrast accumulad into a rounded collection possible suggestive peritule adhesionThe left tube was partially seen however no spillage was identified from the left fallopian tube into the peritoneal cavity consistent with blookageMy Dr suggest correlation of findings with hysteroscopy and endovaginal ultrasaund. I did the hysteroscopy but show that i have tuberculosis with infection on uterus. Is any chances to conceive after treat the tuberculosis?
output: After treatment of TB, and with 1 tube patent, you can conceive. For more details speak to infertility specialist. If the uterine scarring is not much, then there should not be any problems in conceiving.

input: my son just fell off his new bed and hit the metal bar on the side causing an instant goose-egg below his eye on his upper cheek bone.  It is swollen and bruised, but my concern is that the lump is extremely movable and feels like a bag of gel.  What are your thoughts?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint it seems that due to hitting with a metal bar there has been soft tissue injury and due to injury there has been inflammation and swelling due to accumulation of inflammatory exudate and cells at the injury site. There also seems to be ruptured blood vessels leading to bruising and formation of a Hematoma. The movable gel like lump seems to be a Hematoma and is due to accumulation of blood from ruptured blood vessels. I would suggest you that you need not worry about it as it will resolve gradually. You can do alternate warm and cool compresses over the lump. You can also give him anti-inflammatory painkillers like Ibuprofen. In case if there is pain numbing gel containing Lidocaine can also be advised. You can also apply Heparin gel over the area as it will help in faster disruption of the hematoma as well as bruising. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been sick for few months now. I had hives on my face first and then my lymph nodes got swollen and it hurted. I started having breathing problems and I still have breathing problems scince then. My tonsils are swollen too. I had periods 2 times in january of this year. And i have geogrophical tongue. its still there. I dont know what could it be? when I go to doctor they tell me its an allergy.
output: Hi! Geographical tongue is usually related to glossies, however, there are some instances that yeast overgrowth in the stomach can cause tonsils, pain in the submandibular lymph nodes/ pain and lymph adenopathy and later on will result to glossies. As we know that yeast can grow in an acidic environment and sugar-laden environment. However, there are several causes that the tongue may swell and that could be caused by allergens, nutritional deficiencies and/ or infections. If the swelling of your tongue/ glossies/ geographic tongue is caused by allergens then probably that is also the cause of your hives on the face. We need to treat the cause of your geographic tongue, if you think it is from yeast overgrowth in the stomach, then, a diet modification will do. Like avoiding acidic foods and beverages, avoiding cheese, nuts or those foods that is high in sugar and at the same time a probiotic Chat Doctor.  If you think it is caused by allergy then avoiding all the foods and allergens is the mainstay of prevention, and at the same time taking an antihistamine 

input: hi dear doctors. . i m irfan i wana know about cretin disease of kidney . . ? what is it? and wht are the good stage of it means normal stage means percentage and what are the maxiam percentage of it. . how one can get remedy of it. . . please please gudie me about it i wna know about it becase my mom is suffering from it
output: Thanks for the query. I think you mean creatinine. In the crudest way creatinine is something which gets excreted from the kidney, so higher the creatinine the worker is the kidney function. But kidney function should also be checked by the amount of albumin it is secreting and about of urine which is coming out daily. Wish u good health

input: i have heaviness and pain on my left side just near the diaghphram lining i have been detected with kidney stones i just want to know wether this is because of that or something else and 8 months before i hade a anxiety attack and since than i am facing lots of health problems i just want to knwo whats the reason behind it i am just 21 years old
output: Good Day! A non-obstructing kidney stone does not usually cause symptoms unless it falls down to the tube that connects the kidney to the bladder (Ureter). Then you will feel sharp pain on the back that radiates to the inguinal area. So again kidney stone inside the kidney doesn't cause symptoms. Best of Luck.

input: I m 20 F & 27 weeks pregnant with recurrent UTI s and mild Hydronephrosis so I know symptoms & pain that comes with UTI s but for past two days I was woken early hours with bad pains in my Left kidney I saw my Dr a few hours later he just simply he hasn t got a magic wand . my urine was very cloudy with a lot of thick white bits in there straw color now this pain has gone on to my Right kidney and having pains in my pelvic area and seem to be getting worse my temp is normal 37 - 37.1 I don t want to go to A&E as I don t want to make a fuss. what could this be?
output: Hi I'm 23 weeks pregnant since Sunday I've been getting a pain in my right kidney when I get them I throw up with the pain I have taken a water sample to docs to be sent of it was very cloudy and had lots of white bits in never had it before just wondering if you found out what was wrong

input: Doctor, I am taking Telekast-L tablet daily at night. I asked my father to get that tablet from a medical shop. He bought Telekast-10 instead of Telekast-L. Is there any difference between those two tablets...? Shall i have that tablet Telekast-10 instead of L? Plz reply me..
output: Hi, Telekast-L may be taken in the dose of one tablet once a day. Telecast is a combination of an antihistamine (levocetrizine) and leukotriene receptor blocker (montelukast) commonly prescribed for the treatment of allergic symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, itching, swelling, watery eyes and congestion or stuffiness. It also reduces inflammation in the airways and make breathing easier. Telekast-10 consists of montelukast only and prescribed to prevent and treat allergic conditions like asthma, seasonal allergies, and exercise-induced asthma. You may take telecast-10 if you do not have allergic symptoms associated with cold as listed above. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a small (little larger then a pea) lump on the right side of my chin . i went to a dermatologist and he opened it expecting to find material inside. there was just blood . He injected it with cortizone and it didi get alittle smaller. 3 week later i went back and he injected it again. It has gotten even small but is still there. I go back in two weeks and if it is not significantly gone he wants to biopsy it. Does he think this is cancer?
output: Hi, biopsy does not always indicate a cancer. Without proper history regarding nature of swelling and associated features it is difficult to comment on diagnosis. Anyway as he has ordered biopsy you should go for it. Exact tissue diagnosis then can be easily made and treatment can be done. Cosult dermatologist.

input: HI, im a 22 yr old who hasent been sexually active for the past 11 months. my period has stopped completely. Im not on birth control nor is there any possible way im pregnant. Any thoughts of while my cycle has stopped. Also, for the past few months i have been having serve cramps. any thoughts?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor . The cause are many like hypothyroidism, sex hormone imbalance, block in the cervix, Polycystic ovarian disease etc. There are no chance of pregnancy. I suggest you to get your thyroid and sex hormone profile done after consulting gynecologist.  And also ultrasound of abdomen. These will tell the cause, and it may be treated accordingly.  Hope I have answered your query. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi i am 39 years old and i am scared to death to sleep in a house alone my husband went hunting this weekend and i was home alone i stayed up all night and went to sleep only when the sun came up and i could look around and make sure no one was outside some times i cant sleep even with my husband at home this cant be normal but i have always been this way help
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor In that case, you can try low dose benzodiazepine. That would help you to control underline sleep disturbance. You can take it on sos' basis to avoid dependence on it. You can't get it without prescription, so better to consult a psychiatrist or physician for prescription. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: hi about 1 week ago i was jumping in a trampoline and kept doing flips (front and back flips) my first attempta to a back flip i landed on my upperback, then after 3 hours of jumping like by night when jumping my back hurt and it was difficult to breath, now when i try to run my upperback hurts and its difficult to breath
output: HiT hanks for posting your query From description it seems you might develop soft tissue injury with contused or broken rib. You need a X-ray to rule out any bony injury. Take rest, do hot fomentation, deep breathing exercises, take anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Hope this will help you. Regards

input: Hi, I need help. Im having a lot of issued right now, I dont know whats going on. I have asthma, and I use my Advair inhaler everyday. But, a few nights ago I was perfectly fine one second, and then next second I couldnt breathe. I had to gasp for air, I thought I was having an anxiety attack, but nothing bad was happening; and thats never happened before. It lasted about five minutes, and then went away. But even now I have to take a lot more deeper breaths than usual. Also, earlier today I was using the bathroom, and sometimes when I get huge migraines, I feel like Im in a complete dimension. I had no headache when I went into the bathroom, I was completely fine, but as I was in use, for about five seconds I felt out of place. My whole body went cold, I was shaking, and my vision blurred and I saw two of everything. After about five seconds, I returned back to normal and nothing happened. Its really stressing me out, what is going on?
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. Since, how many days, you are taking AFFAIR inhaler as the ingredients are beta agonist+corticosteroids.  Now your main complaint is same breathlessness and cessation of breath. In my opinion consult a physician and get in complete examination of heart and blood for anemia and calcium (if corticosteroids uses for long time may cause calcium depletion and this causes such type of symptoms). Good luck. 

input: I have been experiencing some chest pain.  I was going to get it checked out yesterday when all off a sudden at work my boss told me I looked flushed and told mento sit down.  She then asked me how I was feeling.  I said okay and all of a sudden my chest started burning really bad and then the burning went from head to toe.  I thought I was going to die.  My body was also tingling and the pain was a 10/10. Blood test normal.. EKG normal.. Enzyme test 0.01. Do you have any clue what is going on?
output: Hi thanks for asking question in Chat Doctor... Here sudden chest pain with flushing and sweating can be due to here two reasons....-ischemic heart disease or -panic attack...Sometimes it could be by pulmonary embolism .... Here ECG or echo done to rule out cardiac cause... D dimer for pulmonary embolism... If no significant cause present then by taking severe stress you can have such panic attack... Counselling done by psychiatrist for it.... Hope keeping this in mind you can solve your concern by contacting doctor. Take care. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,I have fungal infection in my inner thighs for the past 4 years.I have been suggested to use KZ cream by dermatalogist. but its not completely cured after using the KZ cream many times. that area becomes dark and very itching. can u pls suggest a good medication to completely cure this. Thanks.
output: Terminating ointment or cream could be of help to you. It seems the fungi are resistant to KZ cream so if you try out Terminating cream the results would be different, best wishes....

input: I have a small area of sore gums inside my mouth . It s on the bottom left side, on the inside side of the jawbone where my wisdom tooth would be if I had not had it removed years ago. It hurts to push on it, feels slightly bumpy underneath the skin, and may be slightly swollen. I haven t had any injuries or anything. What could it be?
output: Hello, the swollen sore gums behind your second molar after removal of wisdom tooth, is indicative of distal periodontal pocket(gum infection) in relation to second molar. It is very common after extraction of wisdom tooth. Treatment of it involves-small periodontal surgery (cleaning of region). And irrigation of area regularly. Cleaning of the swollen gum region via interdental aids. And finger gum massage.

input: I have an abnormal rib cage. Instead of having more of a flat, broad torso, It s more narrow and sticks out. My shoulders slouch forward, and my collar bones are not straight across. Who would I need to consult with, and is there anything that can be done?
output: Hello, Firstly you need to meet up and orthopedist who will assess you and guide for x-ray or MRI which so ever is needed post assessing you clinically.  Post that you will be asked to undergo certain exercises under the guidance of the Physiotherapist who will help correct the biomechanics of the bones, joints, and muscles. Which will help you correct the current symptoms to a greater extent? Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I smashed my finger in a car door about two weeks ago and half of the nail turned a blue-purply color. Today i got the nail caught on something and the colored part ripped off but didnt hurt at all. I have noticed a very strong smell coming off of that finger the entire day. It doesnt hurt but i didnt know if it was infected or just the dead nail was making the smell.
output: Hinail bed is notorious for infection in hematoma. Would be safer to apply antibiotic ointment after thorough washing with soap and water. Show a doctor if he thinks necessary, may prescribe antibiotics. Thanks

input: Hi, I have middle back tenderness, and pain on gentle pressing of the spine specifically on one vertabrae. Also it feels that this vertabrae is very slightly enlarged, although not visibly. I am obviously concerned about this, but more so as lately my memory seems a bit impaired, and I am concerned it is related. What are the possibilities please?
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, you should know that the back pain and the tenderness while touching could be related to chronic degeneration of the spinal column. As the pain does not radiate and is localized only in the back and at one point, it seems to be just inflammation and not a herniated disc. Coming to this point, I would recommend a thoracolumbar column X-ray study and inflammation tests (PCR, sedimentation rate, complete blood count). Regarding the memory problems they are not related to the back pain. Working too much or lack of a balanced diet could be the causes. I would recommend regulating your daily regimen (alternate work with relax pauses, try to have a good sleeping hygiene) and take a balanced diet (full of vitamins, proteins, lipids and carboy Chat Doctor.  Anxiety could also trigger all this situation. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: I have a problem with what I think is maybe gastro.  However, I have had an abdominal ultrasound, HIDA scan, EGD/colonoscopy, and a CT of the abdomen that have shown nothing.  My PCP thinks that I possibly have IBS.  However, things seem to be normal in that area.  My problem is that I have a tenseness in the middle of my stomach just below the breastbone and belly button.  It does not hurt all the time but there is the tenseness. Sometimes it feels like something is sitting right under the breastbone.  When I touch/feel the area it is hard and if I press on it, sometimes it hurts just a little.  I dont know what else to try except MRI to try to figure out what this is, but I feel like it is something that is either being overlooked OR we have not gone in the right direction.
output: Hi. The probable diagnosis after reading your history and the findings is :small epigastric hernia, so easily overlooked. There is entrapment of the fat through small defects of line Alba (midline) whicChatDoctore and goes. Please check for this.

input: my dad is 82 years of age he is good in shape but little over weight as per his height ,he told me that he is having pain in the left side of his stomach ,little above waist but it is bareable.he is having urine problem for which he takes medicine.doctor has given him medicine so he takes regularly not to go more than two times at night.what type of pain you think and precautionaly which medicine we should give him
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Your father is having pain on the left side of the stomach, just above the waist. It could be due to Benign prostatic hypertrophy, urinary tract infection, or pro Lithuania or could be something else.  I advise you to consult a surgeon for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I. besides other routine tests for confirmation of the condition. UN less all the tests are done, and the patient is examined personally no one can suggest any medicines.  Wishing for a quick recovery, and thanks for choosing Chat Doctor. F.  Best regards.

input: I take depakote er I am on 1000mg. 44yrs. Old. Question is does sinus infections lower depakote levels and how. Also, do not sleep at night and day. Can my body just be ammuned to depakote use to it after fifteen to seventeen yrs. Of being on it. Sinus is gone. Levels do not feel like they have gone up. Can t sleep still. Sleeplessness all day and night. For a couple of yrs. Now. On five different medicines at night. Why can t I sleep.
output: Sinus infection does not lower down separate level. Also there not seems to something like immunity to separate. I would like to know which five different Chat Doctor. For answering that why you can't sleep, I need to know your full history and might require sleep study to be done.

input: The joints in my hands started aching about two weeks ago. Both thumbs first and now both my hands. I d never had this issue before. I can t think of anything I ve changed as far as eating or physical. I go to my Dr. next week, but If I could ID what is happening, the pain would go away sooner.
output: Hello, As the history sounds to be a compression over the flexor retinaculum. I will advise you to do hot water fermentation and compression. Once the pain level falls to 4-5 in visual analog pain scale of 0-10 then do simple hand exercises in the hot water. This should help you ease it. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I woke up early this morning with sharp chest pain ,it was so bad it hurt and I used inhaler to help. I also took a Motrin and layed back down. All day it s been a dull achy feeling in my chest . Also bloating in my abdomen and a little sore when I get up. I had my appendix out few weeks ago ,but this is different feeling ,I m also waiting to be seen for a positive rnp test ,I dint know if this pain has something to do with my mixed connective tissue disease.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your problem and situation. In my opinion you are having mostly HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease), but better to rule out cardiac cause first for your symptoms. So get done ECG and 2d echo to rule out cardiac cause. If both are normal then no need to worry much for cardiac cause. It seems HERD more. Gaseous distension is also seen on HERD, and this is giving you bloating feeling of abdomen. GERD is because of laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Due to this the acid of the stomach, tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms of dull aching, burning central chest pain. So try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief.1. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid stress and anxiety.2. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals.3. Start proton pump inhibitor.4. Go for walk after meals.5. Keep 2-3 pillows under your head in bed.

input: i am 19 and had thyroid cancer at 12yrs old after a total thyroidectimay and radioiodine treatments my last two blood tests came back slightly raised what does this mean and also i have been taking dianette the pill for two years could that affect my thyroglobin levels. i am extremely worried.
output: Were your thyroglobulin levels raised at initial presentation of thyroid cancer. If yes, then this rise should be taken as significant and needs to be investigated, possibly requiring whole body radioactive iodine scan. Please discuss it with your doctor.

input: Hi I had a full abdominal hysterectomy 3 weeks ago. I m an insulin dependant type 1 diabetic and also have Behcets. I have bad pains in the tops of my legs and lower back and have noticed blood when passing urine. Is this normal after a hysterectomy? Many Thanks Catherine
output: DEAR FRIEND I UNDERSTOOD YOUR CONCERN, abdominal hysterectomy OR ANY OTHER ABDOMINAL SURGERY WHERE THERE are INCISIONS ON ABDOMINAL WALL SO DUE TO THAT YOUR ABDOMINAL MUSCLE MAY BE WEAKENED... PAIN IN LOWER BACK MAY BE DUE TO THE IMBALANCE BETWEEN TWO OPPOSITE SIDE MUSCLES GROUP.... SO HERE THERE SHOULD BE COORDINATION AND BALANCE IN STRENGTH IN EQUAL AMOUNT IN BOTH GROUP OF MUSCLES..... BUT AS YOU SAID DUE TO SURGERY PAIN AND WEAKNESS OF MUSCLES ARE OBVIOUS.... SO YOU MAY HAVE PERSISTENCE OF PAIN. NOW WE CAN GRADUALLY IMPROVE THE STRENGTH AND ENDURANCE OF BACK MUSCLES BY GRADED PHYSIOTHERAPY EXERCISES... I HOPE YOU SATISFIED WITH THIS ANSWER.... STILL IF ANY QUERY, FEEL FREE TO ASK ANY TIME....

input: I used a rotary tooth brush and now I have an irritation right behind my front teeth and also have a growth of attached gum that is between my two front teeth and has pushed one my tooth with a result of a gap, I have been taken dilantin for 46 years now.  What can I do to get rib of this swollen piece of flesh and have my gum return to normanl
output: Helo thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor.since your taking dilation sodium for quite long time, it has the side effect of gingival hypertrophy.please take a consult with your neurologist for an alternate Chat Doctor. .and also please consult a periodontist for your gingivectomy and other gum care if required.hope it helps.TC

input: I had broken my wrist in December and had surgery. Two pins were placed in my wrist. All went well. Developed carbolic tunnell and two days ago had surgery again. When I came home I mmwas vomiting and developed a rash on my chest, neck, and face. Is this common
output: Hi, This is not common and is not related to surgery. These are signs of allergic reactions due to some Chat Doctor.  Try to find out the 

input: MY BLOOD PRESSURE IS ALMOST PERFECT WHEN I TAKE WHAT I KNOW WORKS FOR MY BODY AND I AM ABLE TO KEEP THE PAIN UNDER CONTROL AS WELL AS MOVE ABOUT AS I NEED AND WANT TO.TODAY AT IT WAS 142/106 P 93 THEN 135/105 P95. THE LOWEST IT WAS SINCE 5-22-13 WAS 123/84 P94 THAT WAS AT 7:03PM ON 5.30.13 AFTER TAKING WHAT I HAD OF THE MEDS. MY PHYSICIAN IS BEGINNING TO GET OLDER AND IS NOT CORRECT WITH THE AMOUNT OF TRAMADOL. I HAVE SIGNS OF FIBROMYALGIA AND NEUROPATHY, BUT, THIS IS ALL DUE TO INJURIES THROUGH THE YEARS. I DO NOT AND WILL NOT TAKE ANY ANT-DEPRESSANTS. I AM INJURED AND GET ANGRY THAT I WOULD BE INJURED IN ANY WAY AND NEED TO THINK CLEAR.
output: Degree understand your problems are clearly anxious. That is ll. Pulse rate of above 90 explains that. BP above 140/90 is said to essential hypertension. Systolic varies with age and other circumstantial factors and diastolic measures health of heart. If lower reading goes beyond 95 you have reason for worrying. Do trust your physician, otherwise you cannot be cured or managed. LAK of trust in your physician caused your anxiety problem. You feel that he is not right. You are actually not right because you are not a doctor. Or better you find a physician who is most suitable to you and leave the rest to him. Your anxiety will vanish. You also need help of psychologist /psychotherapist. Please come to me through "ask specialist opinion" in this website. Wish you speedy recovery.

input: I have a lump on the right side of my neck ( it is between the shoulder and the neck) I always have a small fever and it feel uncomfortable but if is has no fever then I feel just fine and also it wont hurt but some time on the left side it also come up and just disappear also under my right side armpit too
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. It sounds like enlarged lymph nodes. Fever can indicate some infection like tooth infection, ear infection. If you have also night sweats, lost some weight recently, lymphoma should be ruled out. Please consult your doctor with this problem. Ultrasound of mentioned areas should be done along witChatDoctorplete blood count and CRP level. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: I received my MRI back and its states I have anterolisthesis of L5 on S1 without signifciant spinal canal stenois and moderate bilateral neuroforaminal narrowing. Can you explain this? I thought neuroforaminal narrowing was considered stenosis. So do I have stenosis (narrowing) or not? Note the MRI also states I have spondylolysis grade 1.
output: Hello, Stenosis in your case refers to a narrowing of the spinal cord, it is a good thing that you don't have it. The term may be applied to neuroforamina, but narrowing is more appropriate. Listless refers to slipped vertebrae. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Dear Dr.Rangadhar Greetings My mother has a genetic disease, which has risen polycystic kidney toxins in the body do you have a cure for this disease, please tell us because the toxins in the body increases and lost a lot of kidney function Creatine 7. R Urea 120 Thank you saleh
output: Dear sir/madam, she is in renal failure. There is no cure for polycystic kidney disease. Only options for the renal failure will be dialysis and kidney transplant(depending on her health profile). Her creatinine is high. Needs further work up also, to see are there any precipitating factors which are worsening renal function and if any correctable ones are there then her renal function might improve. Better consult nephrologists at the earliest. Hope u find this informative.

input: Hello, I have lupus and recently had a series of customary lab test including a urinalysis. At the time of collection I was menstruating. My Rhuematologist contacted me and told me that I had some protein in my urine. He would like me to take the test again in a couple of weeks. He said this can happen when a woman is on her cycle. I just didn t want to worry or stress over this unnecessarily. I should add all my other lab test were normal and if no concern. Is my Rhuematologist correct about menstration and protein in urine?
output: Dear Madam, Your rheumatologist is right in saying that protein can be present in urine during menstruation thus the sample needs to be repeated.

input: HI , Recently i have been having pain in my left chest area also my shoulder blades and neck , just recently after this pain i started to notice little clicks or gurgling in my heart just after the beat or maybe even before it vary s each time , there is no pain just a weird sensation like my heart has liquid in it and it gurgles, thank you
output: Hi, Whats your age, any risk factors for cardiac disease like smoking, family history, obesity, high cholesterol, or high BP? There are two possibilities one is cervical pain, which is usually associated with trauma to neck, numbness, tingling sensation and increases on neck movement. Other possibility is cardiac disease. Its usually exertional pain and subsides on rest. So one ECG, sugars and lipid profile is indicated. Also, cervical spine x-ray app/ lat view. Review with some information and reports. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I had a left wrist fx last July and am now noticing four small hard lumps across the palm of my hand that seem connected to the tendons. Is this the result of the fracture or of the exercises following the cast removal? Does it require a return office visit.
output: Hi. It could be cyst or just union of fracture, so get X-ray of wrist in AP and lateral view and send me the report. You must visit orthopedic surgeon. Thanks, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I am a graduate professor and teaching my counseling and marriage and family therapy students about different manifestations of depression (and DSM 5). I remembered that Seroquel is a recommended med. for agitated depression. Will most treatment protocols start with just the anti -d. and wait for 6 weeks before suggesting addition of an antipsychotic or antianxiety medication? Which is usually preferred additional med. (anti-d. or anxiolytic?) Thanks, Susan Goldman, Psy.D. Assistant professor at LIU graduate programs in counseling and drpsychotherapy
output: Greetings !Welcome to the site.Well you see the first  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi I m from the uk but currently living in Spain me and my husband have been trying for our second child for a year following a miscarriage a Spanish gynaecologist has just given me utrogestan to take to improve my fertility . She told me to count 16 days from my first day of my last period then take it for 10 days to increase my chances of getting pregnant. My Spanish isn t great and English wasn t either just wanted to check this and it says can be taken by oral or vaginal which is best as I can t read the instructions there in Spanish thanks Michelle
output: Hello Michelle, Well I just wanted to guess if progestin is natural micronized progesterone. It can be taken both orally and vaginally, but best acts vaginally. It is a hormone to support your pregnancy if any. Well good luck, and mail me if there is any further query.

input: I am having pain in right costo-phrenic angle since last 3 days. I had a small injury while playing cricket 3 days back. the pain is getting worse. i have had hot fomentation, local analgesics and anti-inflamatory drugs but no effect as if yet. please suggest me what could be the possibility and what can be done to relieve the pain. Thank you.
output: Thanks for asking a question. With right cost-phrenic injury there could be several other causes of your pain. Most common would be soft tissue injury to the muscles. Treatment would be similar to what you have already been trying. In addition to the muscle injury could be increasing muscle spasms which would gradually increase with time. Treatment again would be local heat or ice and muscle relaxants along with local massage therapy and physical therapy. Deeper injuries could be fractured lower rib or kidney contusion. Further testing would need to be done including x-rays urinalysis. I would recommend seeing your primary care doctor to do further testing and treatment

input: Hi doctor, Name : Shanmuga Sundaram Age : 58 years Weight : 76 kg Height : 164cm Medical history : Neck pain for past 10 years. Recent MRI scan shows edima at C5. Compression of nerves at C6-C7 Query : Could you please advise the required treatment?
output: Hello, Since there is edema, corticosteroids may be necessary. The cause of edema also should be found (viral, etc.). Discuss with a Neurologist for these issues. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have been getting frequent yeast infections after my chemo ended after a full hysterectomy due to ovarian cancer. It is the weekend, so I will have to reach my doctor on Monday. What can a person do for frequent yeast infections that are treated and then come back?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you are having a symptoms suggestive of fungal infection, and it is more common in the genitals, as they are the normal comedians of this area which will be kept under control by helpful organisms. Whenever there is an imbalance in the environment it will produce its symptoms. I would suggest you to follow below-mentioned measures.1. Keep they are clean and Chat Doctor. Topical application of antifungal cream like Ketoconazole cream3. Oral single dose of Tab Rifleman, 150 mg.4. Oral anti histamines. Thank you.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here...I am 36.5 weeks and soooo ready to deliver this baby. my belly skin has become very dry and not even vit e oil seems to be helping at this point. What can I do to treat this and does this mean i am doomed for stretchmarks?
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion stretched Chat Doctor. Apply moisturizers twice daily. Franch cream is also a good effective.

input: Hi,Im an 18 year old female and my hair has been thinning for awhile now but it is starting to become very noticeable to where my hairline is receeding and my scalp is becoming more visible each day. So much hair falls out daily and doesnt seem to grow back. Almost all of the strands that fall out have a white bulb at the end. I also have hair growing all over my face which had not been there previously. I have irregular periods and I have acne. I have no health insurance right now but hopefully I will get it soon so that I will be able to get checked by a dermatologist. Ive been dealing with this for awhile and I understand that you are not able to diagnosis but what are the possibilities of it being? I would love to put  name to it even if its not correct, for my sanity.
output: Hello, I have gone through your query, and you seem to be having a hormonal imbalance. Your hair loss and other symptoms seem to be due to polycystic ovarian disease or a thyroid disorder. I would recommend you to get thyroid function tests and ultrasound of the pelvic area. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I had gall bladder removed two years ago and I continue to have pain on right side under rib Last night it hurt even to bend to pick up things. I m not sure if food isn t digesting properly causing inflammation? I took aleve and it helped a little. Worried
output: Hi, thank you for posting your query in Chat Doctor. I understand your problem. Usually pain under ribs occur due to indigestion of food, especially fatty foods, due to straining of the muscles. After gall bladder removal, there is likely chance of developing infection in the liver, this can also cause pain under ribs. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help.

input: I had my blood drawn on Monday. Last night, I experienced a severe tingling/numbness in my arm and was unable to sleep. Today I noticed that I have a dark diagonal bruise near the blood draw site. The numbness has become more of a c, but is still present and very uncomfortable. My hands are also running very cold, my fingertips feel like ice cubs. Is this a medical emergency?
output: Thank you for stating your concernsFrom the description it seems like a phlebitis at the Chat Doctor.  Other causes might be nerve/muscle irritation which irradiates to the further regions of the arm and fingers, again if they continue schedule an appointment with your family physician. Feel free to ask any more questions. Best Regards

input: My 10 year old son fell on ice over the weekend and hit his head and back resulting in left side shoulder and neck pain along with electric shocks. His doctor has diagnosed him with whiplash but took an xray that revealed no broken bones. However he called this morning and said that they found either a bone island or a shadow on his shoulder bone. We are medically minded people, but until today I d never heard of a bone island. He has ordered an mri to make sure if what it is. Of course I m worried and the internet has only made it worse. Any insight to this would be great.
output: Yeah, friend as a pedestrian I would suggest you to follow expert opinion given by orthopedic... If you have doubts visit other orthopedic with all previous reports...

input: hellooo,doctor m sufferring 4m pimples since i was a student of class 8.But after consulting wth doctor when i was in class 12 i was perfectly cured.but unfortunatly again during m last years of graduation i got them again,which left very bad spots,wat should i do nw,,i hv 2 oily skin,,,,now m 22 yrs old,pursuing m masters. plz reply...thnz
output: HAI, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Pimple at this age is due to excessive activity of your oil glands of your skin due to bubbling hormonal action. Up to the age of 25, it is an ongoing process. After the hormonal tides start reduced your problem will vanisChatDoctorpletely. So the treatment cannot totally eradicate the appearance of pimples whereas it will help to reduce the intense to the maximum extent.  Frequent face wash, consuming adequate water, vegetables, fruits, greens and avoiding foods containing butter cheese, ghee, and antipathy etc. will help you to keep this menace well under control along with specific medical treatment for pimples. Medical treatment has a lot of choice according to the severity, your skin and type of lesions from topical preparations, oral antibiotics, soaps etc. Your dermatologist will guide you in this regard for a better treatment of choice to suit your present condition. Following all these measures together you can keep your problem well under your control. Wish you a speedy recovery.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi good day.. Im Gian, from Philippines.. I just have my laboratory exam yesterday and my sgpt result was bit high,97 in figure, my question is, what are the reasons of increasing sgpt? and do i need to take medications, what diet to take and lastly if ever i take medications, will it affect my other oragans? thank you very much..
output: Hi, gain. Noted history of elevated liver enzymes. Are you experiencing any symptoms like abdominal pain, jaundice (yellowing of your sclera and skin), fever, nausea or vomiting? Most common causes are fatty liver, chronic alcoholism, infective and obstructive (gallstones or tumor lesions) pathologies. It is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a gastroenterologist or a general surgeon, for physical examination and clinical evaluation. Diagnostics (such as ultrasound, bilirubin, blood count, etc.) and management (medical and/or surgical if indications are found) will be directed accordingly. Am also from the Philippines and my clinic is open for consultation anytime. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: I have had 2 episodes of pain developing pre-orgasm in my head (back of head at the base) and neck. It starts a couple of minutes pre-orgasm and peaks at orgasm. This starts as a dull ache and builds towards orgasm. I take 2 paracetamol and it settles within 15-30 minutes. It has happened on a couple of isolated occasions in the past. One of the recent 2 occasions was when masturbating so no great exertion was involved. My bloods indicate I am menopausal and I am only having periods about every 4 months currently. I am 53. I am on bisoprolol fro high blood pressure. I am also on Mirtazipine 45mg
output: Hi, Of course, pre-medicating with the same medicine that reliably works on pain 15 to 30 min after taking it is generally MORE effective than treating the pain after it has begun. I cannot say in your particular case and the pain follows a particular pattern which implies where the pain is from. Going from the neck to the back of the head is a very typical pattern for a nerve being pinched and/or a muscle spasm. Either of these can be treated with several NON-ADDICTING mild prescriptions. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, I ve been coughing for nearly two months now, i don t feel sick at all. I ve just been coughing. No mucus or anything out of the ordinary. Breathing is also difficult when my coughing spells are bad. As time goes on, I m cough much less frequently, but I still have a pretty heavy smoker-like cough. Is what I have serious? Why am I still coughing? And what would be the best thing to do next? Thanks, Mateusz Majka
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are having chronic cough (cough since 2 months). We should definitely search for the cause of this chronic cough and treat accordingly. Common causes for chronic cough are 1. Bronchitis 2. Asthma 3. Chronic lung infection like tuberculosis or fungal infection. 4. Lung cancer. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray 3. PUT (pulmonary function test) 4. CT thorax if required. So your next step should be to consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Gud morning Doc.. i have severe pain around my lower waistline particularly at lower back going to the right side .. i cant hardly move or twist my body to both sides, hence, causes pain. I am diagnose with generative osteoathritis at lumbar area before but i dont felt so much pain unlike this one. My urination is normal. The pain started 3 days ago after cleaning n carpentry works. I am planning to take pain reliever for d meantime. If d pain will not aftet a week i will be forced to see a doctor.. tenk u doc for ur advise now.. god bles u n ur family.. Mr Rolly
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. The symptoms that you are having are likely to be due to a nerve root compression. You need to get an MRI scan of the area done and consult a neurophysician for proper diagnosis and treatment.Meanwhile, you can follow these measures:- If the pain is severe, you need bed rest till the pain resolves. - Get some analgesics prescribed and apply analgesic spray or ointments.- While resting, keep a pillow under your knees if it doesn't bother you.- Avoid lifting heavy objects.- Back strengthening exercises and stretching exercises daily as advised by a Physiotherapist.- Avoid exercises in times of pain. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: I have a smal lump near my bellybutton at the right side wich feels hard and round. something it will become bigger and little bit painfull but after pooping it will return to smaller lump and pain will dissapear. Then only sometimes it will tikkle and burn but that s all. Can you tell me what s the matter with me?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have umbilical or para umbilical hernia.  You should go for physical examination and ultrasound study. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi, MY WIFE is 34 weeks pregnant, and suddenly last week the baby has come to breach position.. Would like to know if there is any remedy/way by which baby can come back to normal position head down side for normal delivery... Doctor also advice to take aminofit fo 7 days.. does it gonna help? any specific reason for baby to turn to breach position. Thanks
output: Hi try doing a soft walk and also have juices or food items which your baby likes so that he changes his position. Good luck

input: my sons age is 1year radiology report shows there is a difference in the size of the left kidney . the size of the left kidney is measured 7.7cms while the right one is 7.1cms. and the report shows duplex moiety of left kidney with renal pelvic prominence of lower moiety. what does it mean.
output: Good Day, and thank you for being with Chat Doctor !Your son has a congenital abnormality in his left kidney. It is called a duplicated collecting system meaning other than one tube Chat Doctor.  It will depend on if he has a complete duplication meaning he has two ureters(tube that connects the kidney to the urinary bladder) all the way from the kidney to the bladder or incomplete duplication where the two tubes will fuse somewhere in the middle and would have one insertion to the bladder. When we have a duplicated kidney we call the collecting system in the upper pole of the kidney upper moiety while the lower pole is the lower moiety. Prominence of the lower moiety means that it is more dilated than the upper pole. This means there might be some form of obstruction happening and should be investigated by CTS Can or MRI.  I hope I have succeeded in providing the information you were looking for. Please feel free to write back to me for any further clarifications at: http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/

input: My 21 month old son had a fever of over 102.0 we gave him tylenol and it went down and he felt fine. After four hours he is back to just wanting to lay on us which is not like him. We just gave him some more tylenol and he is now in bed. What should we do?
output: Hello, This is expected. Tylenol Chat Doctor.  You can continue to use the Tylenol every four hours. However, if his symptoms persist beyond two days, then I recommend consulting with your doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi..doctor..I m trying to conceive from five months. Last month I went to a doctor and did a scan on 12th day. Then doctor gave orlism 120mg for one month. If periods happen letov 2.5 for 5 days from period. I got periods yesterday. Is that okay to get both of these medicines together. And asked me to come next 12th day for a scan. Doctor can you please explain my situation? May I get pregnant next month?
output: Hello, That can be taken as prescribed. We can assume that you may get pregnant next month, but that cannot be assured. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: i am saima yousaf from pakistan i am married since 6 years and taking a lot medicines clomid, ivfc injection and puregon inj, also, my all test report are normal, like hsg are normal, period cycle is regular husband reports is also ok but still not conceive, tvs is also normal plz help me
output: You seems to be suffering from unexplained infertility. The best option would be to go ahead with test tube DaBaby or IVF treatment. If you cannot afford, go for GUI treatment. Regards

input: In 1985 I had a astrocytoma brain tumor which was removed. Following the crainiotomy I had 30 radiation treatments. About 10 years ago, I began having petit mal seizures, which my doctor said are caused by the scar tissue from my operation and radiation therapy . After trying every anti epileptic medication I am currently on Felbatol and Onfi. In October I experienced a different type of seizure becoming basically numb on 1 side of my body. I went to the hospital: One of the doctors said I may have had a stroke and another said I suffered from Todds paralysis . I went for an MRI and my friend who is a doctor said the results sounded like a stroke they saw a new white spot on my scan. My corrodoted arterty test came back ok and the EKG they did in the hospital was normal. I just went for both tests again.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is good to note that you have no recurrence of astrocyte, after surgery and radiation therapy, nearly three decades after the initial diagnosis and treatment. Your current symptoms are due to a small stroke, as per the new MRI. Treatment is mainly with blood thinners such as aspirin.  In addition, any risk factors such as diabetes, high BP, cholesterol etc., should be looked for and treated, if present. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. 

input: hello, my name is cj. Ive been having a strange lump in my throat lately. It feels like Im having trouble digesting food, like there is something stuck in my throat. i recently noticed when i tuck my chin i have discomfort on the right side of my jaw, it feels like there is some bean shaped thing under there. Any idea what this could be?
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This is right sided adenoid enlargement.* Needs clinical examination with ENT surgeon and further management. Hope this clears your doubt . Wishing you fine recovery. Welcome for any further assistance. Regards dear take care.

input: Two weeks ago I was having a ct with contrast. The rad. teck first stuck me in my right hand it blew and bled pretty good had a buise in hand until a few days ago . Pain from site has not continued up my arm and followed a line from wrist to bend in my arm around under top part of my arm to armpit the muscles in this area hurts feels like it is pulling. I had a sonogram done no bloodclot but np said to use heat. I am concerned about this!
output: Helloyour doctor is right, hot fomentation and application of thrombophob gel locally will help. In addition, take Advil tabs after meals for3daysthanks

input: My 11 month old son has red balls no swoling just red and when I go to wipe them he crys and screams from the pain only his balls are red and it happened just within 7 hours im putting diaper rash cream for now any idea what this could be and should I take him to his dr
output: Hi...please take him to his pediatrician immediately. If he is crying by just touching them it can be testicular torsion or epidymoorchitis. Both need immediate medical attention. I do not think a simple fungal infection or skin infection of the scrotum can cause this. The other possibility is that it could be cellulitis of the skin of the scrotum. Regards - 

input: i mastrubates Regularly since last 5 to 6 yrs .. is it harmful to me....does it has any side effects. or does it effects on productivity of sperms ...i am 23 yrs old.. should i stop it or reduce it or enjoy it... plz help me ....
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Masturbation is a healthy practice, and it has no harm to body, sexual life or fertility. Movement of penis that occurs in vagina during sex, same movement occurs in fist during masturbation.

input: I had tooth #20 extracted on 8/22/14.  I am noticing today white pusss forming around the extraction site and tenderness in the area.  I received two stitches so l thought that didnt have worry about dry socket.  But l noticed a blood clot and the area still has a dark spot but l am not sure if a blood clot there. Which means l may Have a dry socket on the way. I had one before.   Please advise.
output: Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query, as you have undergone extraction now you feel pus in socket is due to infection in socket don't worry I will suggest you to consult your dentist and go for oral examination of socket and if needed go for investigations Iowa X-ray of unhealed socket and go for treatment irrigation of socket and zinc oxide eugenol pack. Hope this will help you.

input: hi,I am 24 yrs old, i have got pimples on my face from past 14 years and is left behind holes on my face,and when i travel far i get small pimples all over my chin ..so can u pls help me out
output: Hi.dear Pramspramod., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., Pimples on face is common in young and adult persons., it is called ACNE VULGARISM....it is inflammatory process of., sebaceous unit of the skin....due to hyperactivity of Hormones.,1) Frequent washes with FAST bar...contains Triclosan...,2) Tab Isotretinoin 20 mg daily for 30 days.,3) Avoid fat and spicy food., take plenty of vegetables and fresh fruits.,4) Apply 1% clindamycin and nicotine acid cream.,2 times daily.,5) Tab... Azithromycin 250 mg daily for 5 days...nighttimes...ok...good luck.,

input: I was diagnosed with a giant cerebral aneurysm and I was wondering what hypotensive therapy entails and if it might be an option. I went to the hospital for a severe headache, and the subsequent CT scans, MRA s, and MRI s revealed the aneurysm. They performed an angiogram , and after the angiogram they informed me that the Aneurysm had thrombosed . I was released directly from the ICU the following day and for the last 3 weeks have experienced headaches and tiredness everyday. Thank you in advance for any help or advice.
output: Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor, You have mentioned that you have a cerebral aneurysm(Thrombosed). You must consult a Euro Surgeon to see if there is a surgical remedy to correct this for a long term solution. Thanks

input: i keep having tightening in  my upper chest bottom throat say , it also makes me cough to almost clear it it only last seconds , sitting down can bring it on or exercise but very rare , but mostly its tight clothing i also get a rattling feeling in my tummy when i breath deeply , this has happen all week about 20 times a day and even though this has happen for years its only been now and again ,  have been feeling really breathless , lately 33 year old female no med non smoker
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Chest tightness, cough, breathing difficulty etc. in young females (33 years) is mostly due to asthma. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test).PFT will not only diagnose asthma, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You may need inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone).Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I took one shot of depo provera last october; but I didn t get the other scheduled shot (for january 20, 2012) The problem is, I took DP in order to stop my period, however I have been bleeding ever since I got the injection and I am still bleeding now, is there anything that I can do to stop this?
output: Hello, I think you may wait for some more days and the bleeding will stop. If you will still be bleeding visit a gynecologist to give you even progesterone pills. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have a cavity on the right side in the back of my mouth so I have been chewing all food on the left side of my mouth. I am noticing large white raw patches on the left side of my mouth, feels like its on the whole inside of my left cheek. Any ideas, how long it will take to get rid of or things I can do to get rid of this? Things to avoid eating! Thanks a lot
output: Dear friend. Thanks for sharing your concern. The white patches could be due to many reasons like oral sub mucous fibrosis or leukoplakia.it is generally seen in habitual tobacco users and smokers. Please mention your habits if you have any?Also, please visit your dentist soon and get the tooth restored where there is cavity. Simultaneously get the current lesion examined.Meanwhile, use antiseptic mouth rinses. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: hi i have a bump under my tongue no pain i went to the doctor he said i had the flu i feel like im sleepy sore throat feels like its going away sneezing all the time and it looks like there was more then one
output: take a course of roxythromycin 150mg twice a day before food for 5 days and feelthe difference

input: hello sir My husband is using asthalin inhaler minimum 3 times a day from last 20 years & he is now 43 years old. whether there is any side effects of using asthalin inhaler for thrice a day from last 20 years . my mail id is YYYY@YYYY . thank u with regards gayathri
output: Hello, If he is symptomatic he can use up to thrice or four times a day. It is a relatively safe Chat Doctor.  He can consider newer 

input: i have 2 white spots in my mouth 1 is size of a small pin head(very small) other one is a thin small line at the bottom of my gum line.no pain.Im 48yrs old 5ft 3 and about 160lbs..Healthy except i get nigrines.I have been told by the dentist ive had gingivitis and i have receding gums..I deal with alot of stress daily
output: Hi I had gone through your problem. Already you had been told that you have gum problems i.e., gingivitis and receding gums. These problems will not cause white spots on the gums, which are painless. Second thing and important thing in your query is you deal with a lot of stress daily. Because of that stress some kind of white spots which are pain less, may form not only on the gums but also on the entire mucosa of the oral cavity. I strongly suspect that white spots may be because of that stress. Anyhow you kindly visit the dentist one more time. If those spots are same what I suspected, then the treatment is required apart from stress relieving methods. I think my answer would satisfy your query.

input: hello my name is kevin and i smoked some incense with a few friends and i was stupid for doing it because all the bad things ive heard from it, so the fake pot stuff he had didnt seem right as another kinda a friend i know smokes and showed me before was more dry like and easy to light the stuff i took a couple hits of was hard to light and was damp . i felt fine after i smoked so i decided to do it 1 more time. it was hard to light an stay light so i tried to get a big hit to get alittle more smoke out of it and then went sat down at laptop and boom i got a big pressure on the lower back of my head and my body went fully numb it was hard to stay sitting up right and not fall over 5 mins later it died down alittle i have tis full body numbess but its not numb where i cant feel it its kinda like my brain forgot my arms,lesgs, ect was not there or they were fading away as i could barly feel them and when i cough it gives me alittle pressure on lower back of my head , my hands constantly sweat i have really hard time going to sleep and staying asleep and waking up coverd in cold sweats and this started yesterday and its still with me i want this feeling gone as i learned my lesson. please just give me some relief on my problem. thank you
output: Hello Kevin!My name is 

input: I am noticing swollen joints or bumps on my wrists and now on the back of my heal that makes it hurt when I use my wrists and to walk. It seams that I am getting these from nothing. I had an exray on my wrist said it was severe artitis however I have never had these hard lumps like.
output: Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to arthritis. I suggest to use anti-inflammatory medications such as Naproxen to relieve the inflammation. I also suggest using cold compresses for local application. Furthermore, I recommend gentle stretching exercises. If the symptoms continue, you should see a rheumatologist. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi my name is maria,for the past 2 weeks everytime i touch my armpit and down my arm,i feel tightness n it also feels hard..it hurts alot ..i could see like a vein or nerve swollen,that is noticeable and puffy thru my skin,,it starts from my armpit to my forearm,,Is hard to explain,please give me a few ideas,what could it be
output: Hello, I have studied your case and I think that this can be an enlarged lymph node. It can be due to infection. I would also suggest you to show it to a breast expert, and he may advise you to get needle test or an ultrasound of the breast. It will give us final conclusion if you need any further treatment.  I hope this answer will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks

input: My 5 year old daughter has red blotchy irregular shaped and slightly raised rash concentrated in the folds of her body,even including her vaginal area and going far back between her buttocks.Her underarms are almost full of it.There are some spots on the rest of her.Its really scratchy.She has a bad cough accompanying it and sometimes watery eyes.I ve given her allergy medication.What could it be?
output: Hi, When you describe those symptoms it seems that your kid is allergic. And she is probable not treated. Try some allergy doctor and her life will have an important improvement.

input: I have a DVT factor 8, had this condition for 11 years. I have had pressure in my chest. I have a greenfeather filter. Today I went to the emergency room. They did test and stated after testing INR result was 0.97 low. No clots. They upped my coumadin after being on only 2.5 to 5.0. That was Wednesday. MY INR has not raised, I am worried about why it has not raised. I was sent home told to contact my doctor on Monday. Nothing was given to me to raise it. They did cat scan and testing and found nothing including a blood clot. I have been on 2.5 Mg. for a year. I have not had my INR checked until two weeks ago because the doctor I use to have said it was ok for six months to not have it checked. My new primary said that was not correct. Two week s ago I had a blood clot that the filter did catch. Was taken to Freeman Hospital where they did test, and even a echo of my heart, while doing a stress test. They said it was heart burn!!!! My primary said that was ridiculous that it sounded like I had passed a clot that the filter did catch. Never had this close of a call. Today the right side of my tongue swelled for no reason. The emergency doctor said it (the tongue swelling) was probably something due to an allergic reaction. I am not allergic to anything!!! They found nothing sent me home saying to talk to my primary. I am 42 years of age female never smoked, been in great health. Now these items are coming up. I am scared these doctors are not finding what is wrong even with my condition. Why would my right side of my tongue swell during this?
output: Hello, I can understand your concern. It seems that the swelling of tongue that you have developed has nothing to do with the DVT and pressure in chest you are having. I agree with your doctor that it seems to be an allergic reaction. I would advise you to take Antihistamine such as Levocetrizine 5 mg (Exocet) or Loratadine 10 mg (Forfeits) once a day for at least 5 days. If it was an allergic reaction, you should find immediate improvement in the swelling in 1-2 days. Otherwise, the cause is not allergic. The allergy could be due to anything that you have been exposed to through air, water or food. If the episodes are frequent, you should go for a blood test for allergy to find out what substance you are allergic to, and you can avoid exposure to that in the future. However, if the swelling does not decrease with the antihistamines or if it increases, then you should consult a dentist to examine the oral cavity and investigate further regarding the cause. I hope this information helps you. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. I wish you feel better soon. Best,

input: My husband is having pain in his testicles.  They are pulsating and he said he can actually see them moving.  He was diagnosed with an infection in his pelvis/groin two weeks ago and took a course of antibiotics.  Is this the same infection or is something more severe going on?
output: HIIT is not clear from your question about the infection he had. Had he recovered completely.? If he is feeling pulsations or a mass should consult a urologist and get it examined at the earliest to rule out infection again. Varicocele can be associated but will not cause pain in the majority of people. So a check-up is better. Hope my answer helps you. Regards

input: Kindly advise which course of chemotherapy to follow for the patient with following history: myomectomy-----2007 small rt. ovarian cyst was draind histopathalogical report-------no malignancy 6-7 months after surgery pt. felt rapidly growing mass in lower abdomen CT SCAN---CYST--10*9cm in diameter with 2-3cm irregular solid nodule inside mild hydronephrosis mild fatty liver CA125 62u/ml operated---cystectomy with Rt ovarotomy,cyst got ruptured during surgery Histopathological report--moderately differnciated adenocarcinoma of Rt ovary(grade II) Repeat histopathology report of same slide-----moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of Rt ovary (gradeII)--at other institution CA125----decrease to 32 u/ml after surgery PET-CT---NO ABNORMALITY,nO PICK UP Scan---no abnormality Pt was reopened---oct.2009--Rt saphinggo-oopharotomy B/L PLND,supracolic omentectomy,RPLL,excision of node in sigmiod ,Bx from B/L dome of diaphram,peritonial washings were taken Histopathological report---moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma (grade 11)of rt ovary ramnent with sorroundig soft tissue involement omentum/nodes/nodules--- all free Chemotherapy----Received 3 courses of at 3 wkly interval with Paelitaxel 300 mg and carboplastin 400mg, last cycle on 19/12/2009 After 3 cycles--- Scan abdomen---lymphocele in rt side of abdomen.No other abnormality Scan lungs --Normal CA 125 ----88U/ml on 6/1/2010 CA 125----- 214U/ML------ 21 01 2010 USG Abd----solid nodule-2*3cm in lower rectus abdominus muscle No other abnormality FNAC---presence of malignant cells MRI Head and Neck-- insignificant 2010-22 jan.-----operated again panhysrtrectomy done and two nodules removed from anterior rectus muscle ,one on each side near incisiom. one node between uterus and rectum removed histopathological report----. Uterus---serosal deposits of 1.4 x1x0.4 cm deposits extends into myometrium Rt. rectus sheath node-- tumor deposits with tubuloglandular architechture.High grade nuclear cytology with focal mucinous differenciation.Tumour close to cut margin.cut margin is free Left rectus sheath nodule--- tumour deposits.Tumour abuts the cut margin Nodule on rectum----shows muscularis propria only CA 125 - 22.9 U/ mL Date 13.02.2010 (After Surgery) Please advise if we must follow the same chemotherapy or change the line? Thanks and regards,
output: Hi, As there the replace duration is more than six months, same chemotherapy is indicated. However, I am not sure from the details provided that she received only three cycles or after the response evaluation further three cycles were completed.

input: Is Eptoin safe to take even if u hav no history of epilepsy , as my husband had a seizure due to high viral fever, after wards all tests r ok i.e EEG , CT scan , he is normal back to work ,driving to office . But still prescribed Eptoin 100 mg - 2 tab in night/ 2 months as precautionary measure my question is is it safe to take it or will it make him dependant on these types of medications.
output: Hi, The medicine has been prescribed in order to prevent him from having another seizure. It would be best if the with Chat Doctor.  Though Option can cause side effects and problems, if he has tolerated it well for so long, the remaining course would hopefully be uneventful., There is no risk of dependence to Option.  Hope this helps

input: Had  a tibea plateau surgery about five years ago. A few days ago I got a severe pain at the middle of the shin that permeates down to the ankle making it hard to walk. It has been coming and going gor about a week now and the pain is so bad I cant sleep.
output: Hi, The pain can be due to infection, muscle weakness, or surgery gone wrong. You can take hot packs to soothe pain and don't force your body to bear weight on the limb as this will deteriorate the condition further It would be good if you consult an orthopedic for a thorough examination. For the time being you can take over the counter medicines like Ibuprofen. Hope this helps you. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi Doctor My name is Devi I went to doctor today to get my period regularly as I had delay this time by 14 days and she suggested me Regestrone 5Mg will it get my Period I dont want to have a kid now so I am tensed is it the right drug for getting my period immediately?
output: Hi, Progesterone (Norethisterone) is a hormone used to regularize the period and abnormal vaginal bleeding in women due to hormonal imbalances. Yes, Progesterone is the right Chat Doctor. 

input: Good Evening Dr,I have my sister who have done abortion last year as baby was sufferrring from "Spina Bifada" and doctor has insisted for abortion, she was in her 6th month of pregnancy. Now after a year my sister and broher in law are trying for baby but are hardly getting any success. So far we have approached 2 doctors who have recommended for folical treatment, they have already had there 5-6 trails on the same. Since there is no success both of them are getting depression since this treatment is more mechnical and has no result. Kindly suggest your advise Sir.Regards,sarika
output: Hi, Your sister and her husband should have proper counselling and guidance before trying to conceive again. Also, I presume the doctors have investigated for any tubal blocks and TORCH titles. Treatment for infertility is most often time and patience consuming. I suggest that they see an experienced infertility specialist to have further management. Unnecessary medication and investigation make the process complicated and unfruitful. Take care.

input: Recently came across a girl of 11 years old in Colombia with immune deficiency and extremely severe fungal infection which has basically taken over 60% of her face. Is there any possibility that such a condition could be reversed? Email address is YYYY@YYYY
output: What is the cause of immunodeficiency is to be seen ...if it is HIV den the proper ART therapy for DAT have to be taken .

input: Hello Doctor I am 29 year old, going through the fertility treatment. All Hormone test, thyroid test, PCOS test, all seems to be normal. Semen analysis of my husband also shows all normal. Doctor prescribed me 100mg clomid from day 2 to 6 day. but the follicle size is not at all growing, till day 18. after 18th day the follicle size starts growing all of sudden 3-4 mm a day. And on day 21st follicle size became 24mm, My doctor then injected me with injection (I dont remember the name) , but that was for ovulation to occur then on 23rd day I ovulated(As per sonography reports, one follicle from my right ovary got ruptured). for continuous 3 days i had relation, but still I got my period on day 32 of my mensuration cycle. My doctor is now prescribing me to go for IUI. My concern are: 1. Why the follicle size is not growing when all my reports are normal? 2. why even after taking clomid the size follicle is not growing normally(1- 1.5mm a day) ? 3. Is my treatment is going on right direction? 4. Should I go for IUI? will it be helpful Please suggest Thanks
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. I read your query and I understand your concerns. Following is my reply:1) You might be having polycystic ovaries who generally ovulate late. This needs to be confirmed by scan from your doctor.2) Next time ask your doctor about using gonadotrophin injections which help in growing follicles.3) Your treatment seems to need upgrading. Please visit an infertility specialist.4) GUI has better success rate than trying naturally. Hence, you can consider it if there is difficulty to conceive naturally. I hope I answered your query. I will be available for any follow-up query you have.

input: hi, i have a daughter of 2yrs old.i did shirodkar stiches after 3months of my pregnancy. 5 months before i was pregnant i did an abortion and after that im having a lump inside my vagina and sometimes a pieces of flest come just to block the hole.i need to massage my belly to get it ok but the lump is still there and cant have sexual intercourse
output: Hi, Dear,Welcome to Chat Doctor. Based on the facts of your query, You seem to suffer from-Vaginal Cyst. Treatment -By Surgical Excision with Gone Surgeon. Contact with a Followup Premium question to ME. Will appreciate your Hitting thanks and writing excellent review comments to help needy patients like you. suggests Good Day!!  Chat Doctor. S. Genl-CVTS

input: I had surgery to repair 5 hernias and a scar repaired on July 21, all the skin on my incision died and I now have an open wound 6 in by 4 in 13 cm deep from the dead skin removal I have a kci wound vac the doc said it was from citrobacter, what is this and how did I get it
output: Hello, THX to contact us. If I am your treating doctor I would like to advice you that Enterobacter is one type of bacteria. This type of bacteria is usually found in OPEX wound. Multi Chat Doctor.  You should require a sensitivity in hand to treat infection caused by such a bacterium. If you have anything else to ask please contact me. Than. Chat Doctor; Infectious Disease Specialist

input: i have in the past had problems with my right hand/wrist hurting.  This morning I woke up with my stomach being upset and my hand/wrist hurt so bad.  As the day went on; the pain is worse...my hand is red....big and i know my blood prusser is up from the pain.  When i do anything with it the pain is so bad i scream n start to cry.  What should I do?
output: You can use hot back that will relieve your pain and increase blood pressure and help to Chat Doctor.  And can also take physiotherapy wish you a good health

input: Hi, so I have severe pain in my gums and they are a bright red. They bleed a little bit when brushed. No matter how many times I brush my teeth or how many breath mints I take my breath still isnt the best smelling and its not normal for me. Also I had a little lump under my chin which in 2 days turned into 3 and its very painfull. The inside of my mouth is a mix between a yellow-ish and a red and the inside of my throat hurts badly. Its been this way for about 5 days I thought it would go away on its own. Im scared now whats going on?
output: Hello thanks for quarry, bleeding gums caused by gingivitis-inflammation of gums, mouth ulcers could be due to traumatic or authors ulcers,also you may have tonsils inflamed, may be a case of tonsillitis, then whole throat region will be appearing red, kindly do salt water gargle thrice daily, get an oral prophylaxis done-scaling and polishing and do gum massage with the pulp of your fingers,apply topical anesthetics for reducing the pain of mouth ulcers, hy Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Dr. I realised that i have certain psychiatric problem in 2005 and started with Feliz S 10, Mirtaz 7.5 and Clonotril 0.5. Was asked to take for 2 years and I was fine after that. But the symptoms came back in a worse manner just 6 months later. Again, I was put on Nexito 10mg and clonotril 0.5. Later, the medicine was changed to Fludac 20mg and then to Nexito 10 mg back again from last 1 month. I feel better for some time during medication , but if medication is off, then i return to same panic, depressed and anxiety disorders. What could be a long term solution? I am 31 and married. Thanks for your answers!
output: Hello Welcome to Chat Doctor The medicines Felix S 10 or Escitalopram, mirtazapine 7.5 and control 0.5 are given in Depressive episode mixed with anxiety. You were given these medicines for about 2 years, so I assume that you had episode of depression. When symptoms reoccurred you were given Next or Escitalopram 10 and then fluoxetine 20. Both are of same group SSRI. Long term solution of your problem? Depression is an episodic illness, it tends to occur in intervals or in episodes. So if you responded to medicines and then relapse of disease occurred there is no surprise. You have to continue the medicines for long at least 2 years and also go for Cognitive Therapy for early response. Once you achieve pre morbid level then maintain the condition by Cognitive Therapy. Don't afraid of medicines as they are very safe Chat Doctor.  So visit a psychiatrist for opinion and continue medicines again. Thanks

input: I fainted on my front lawn, mostly I because I did not eat this morning and got dizzy and fell. I have also got fibromyalsia and have fallen before. Under Dr. s care. I have insurance, but you may know the ER wait. So, I fell toward my side. Could not get up. Someone, a neighbor carried me in my house. I am icing it, along with my rt wrist. My husband came from work to take care of my wounds like icing. My question is, since I can t stand up and it hurts a lot to touch, could I still have a sprain, even though no swelling or discolorization?
output: Hello, The intense pain in the right wrist after a fall is suggestive of a bone injury-fracture. This needs an X-ray for a proper evaluation.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...Happy new year sirs. I have a problem with actute sneezeing. I have been suffering from this illment for almost 3 years. And eachtime i sneeze i see pint of blood when i spit. I hope you can have a solution to my problem.
output: Cellophane you for contacting Chat Doctor. Sneezing mostly occurs because of allergic response. As you have chronic allergy problem, so there must be some allergic element which triggers sneezing. If I were your treating doctor then I would have advised levocetirizine for it. Also, I would have suggested montelukast once daily for one month. Blood spit occurs because of severe sneezing response. It damages the mucosal lining which in return results in blood spitting. I would also suggest you to visit an allergist for detailed examination of what is the causative allergen, and then he will prescribe immunotherapy which will resolve it, hopefully. Thank You

input: okay, so i hit my tailbone really hard on the side of a chair the other day, i have a very stick-out tailbone , and even though the chair didn t make any direct contact with my skin, it is extremely soar and sort of bruised and it has a bump that almost looks like a blister... not sure what to do because it has been three days now and it is still painfull and brusied
output: HiT hanks for this Quertle pain and blister after hitting the tail bone or poor sitting position is common. Symptoms may subside even without medications.However, if pain is serious you take a pain Chat Doctor. You may apply ice packs if pain too serious to numb the pains. I will also recommend good hygiene to prevent infection. Hope my answer will help regards

input: i recently got my wisdom teeth removed last wednesday, the 22nd. and the healing process has been going very smoothly, except for the right side of my mouth. i have seemed to develope a blister like bump on my gum where one of the teeth were removed, and it is a bit painful. withstandable, but still very concerning. i just want to make sure it is normal or if you have any thoughts?!
output: If you are experiencing pain, any localized infection should be ruled out. Kindly get yourself examined clinically to rule out any infection. Continue to painkillers as prescribed to alleviate pain.

input: how can I find a doctor that knows about severe traumatic brain injury? I got hit 4 years ago - died on scene - went to a great trama hospital - Tampa General - but even they don t know what to do about living with TBI - seems now I ve learned more than a doctor has about it. I was on life support and in a coma for a couple of months - died 3 more times there too.... know I got sent back for a reason - maybe to help folks understand about this..... just need help finding a doctor that can help me
output: Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question with care and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you Question: Which doctor to consult for severe traumatic brain injury? Answer : You need to consult a Neurosurgeon Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.

input: I had a tumor removed from my face and it came back that there was some type of auto immune disease. The blood test showed none however 8 months later I have had a baby and my lips are swollen I went to the dentist and he asked did I have an auto immune diseas because it is showing in my gums. WHat could it be and will this swelling go down
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. We are looking at a possible progress syn Chat Doctor. 2. Causes 

input: my relative had done MRI lumbar spine and the conclusion is L4 - L5 discs shows diffuse herniation narrowing spinal canal adn both nerual formaina and touching roots . L5 - S1 disc shows central - left para central protrusion compressing mainly left sided nerve root . what does it mean? she is adviced for surgery by doctor. is it necessary? now she is on normal pain killer tablet and calcium supplement. this medicine will be helpful for her pain or not .
output: Hi, Dear you have not given the age of your relative and complaints for which MRI was advised by doctor. Painkillers advised by the Doctor should be used and along with she needs some physiotherapy to receive the symptoms.it is advised to consult some neurophysician along with patient and her reports for expert opinion and follow-ups. Regards

input: I had elevated triglycerides at a recent doctor visit.  Doctor ordered an ultrasound and was told I had an inverted kidney during the test.  What does this mean and what might cause elevated triglycerides?54 - W male - 200lbs - diabetic - triple bypass surgery
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, i can understand your concern. An incidental finding of this malformation, is not of any worry. If the kidney is not atrophic(shrunken), it should be working well. If there are any other changes noted, you should've a CENT(contrast CT scan). Thatll show the function of the kidneys very clearly.You'll need to take statins for your high TGL.(triglycerides). If you've any doubts, you may send reports as a direct question, in my name. Chat Doctor.  Manga.

input: Hello Sir, I am 28 years old married guy and below are the particulars of my sperm test report. Please have a look into this and interpret the results to me.. I am concerned whether I am sexually normal or do I need to consult a doctor for a baby. Volume: 0.5 ml Viscosity: Thin Reaction: Alkaline Sperm Count: 65 million/ml Active Motile: 60% Sluggish: 10% Non Motile: 30% Epithelial Cells: NIL Pus Cells: 2-3/HPF Erythrocytes: 0-1/HPF Morphology Normal: 80% Abnormal: 20% Others: NIL I am waiting for a quick reply. Thanks in advance for your support.
output: Your sperm count morphology motility in all in normal range except for volume ... A low volume (less than 1 ml) is an uncommon problem, and is often due to incomplete ejaculation (which is not rare because of the stress of producing a sample in the lab !) or spillage. Other than this a low volume might indicate an obstruction....

input: dear sir. my self mahesh i am 25y old male. i was suffer from vericocele since 7 year. i was done vericocele surgery before 4 year. but now i have slight pain on the scrotum, testis, & the surface of penis. also my penis size is 4 inch please tell me answer
output: Hi greetings. Usually varicocele will not cause pain in scrotum. Rarely long-standing can cause some pain which will disappear after lying down. So if you are having pain we should rule out some infection in epididymis and testis situated in scrotum. Coming to the size of the Penis it is very much normal and more than enough to satisfy a woman. So to confirm consult a urologist. Hope my answer helps you. Regards

input: Hello ,My father now  aged 72 yrs, weight 105 kg,admitted to hospital in 2004 and in 2011 ,in both occasion he was found deficiency of sodium and high potassium content,in 2004 he only gone through angiogram but doctor not strongly  recommended for angioplasty ,but in 2011  we put   two  stunts in his heart now.He is feeling very less energetic since then,he was very active person earlier used to do physical activities now even  he misses for going morning walk 2/3 times a week  due to less energy level.His sugar level is moderate(more than normal)  and bp is also not too high  .He is continuing medicine prescribed by doctors for bp and diabetes.  But he is feeling less energetic,will you recommend some food or medicine which will provide him more energy now ?Thanking  you.Biswamitra
output: Hello there I understand your concerned need to give him It D and calcium supplements after discussing with your physician Co q will also recheck for depressive state and Electrolyte levels along with protein levels in the blood They could be a cause too Hope that helps

input: my son is 2 years old now. when he was 3months old he developed reactive aiway disease and he was prescribed with budecort and asthalin inhaler. now since november he is having cough and cold with mild fever.once he was prescribed with antibiotics but with in 10 days again he had the same problem when he is on ast& bude inhalation doses.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor At his age, age 2, he is expected to experience up to 10 colds a year because his immune system is now developing. Most of these are viral and would not respond to antibiotics. When he gets a cold, there is an increased chance that he may wheeze, his doctor may suggest altering his medication at this point to prevent this. To help with his immunity, you can consider (1)making sure he uses a wide range of fruits and vegetables(2)the probiotics in yogurt may be helpful if he likes these(3) a multivitamins child Chat Doctor. I hope this helps

input: I have been on 60mg of methadone a day and also 10 mg. of oxycodone for breakthrough pain for about 10 years for severe back pain and it has really helped my quality of life. I am a Vietnam veteran and also have severe neuropothy. The VA has been a tremendous help in my life! Just wanted to let folks know that these drugs can help if used correctly and not abused!! Thanks for your time. Michael!
output: Hi, SIR THANKS FOR SERVING OUR COUNTRY !, A salute from civilian. Lets, start with understand what do we mean by "POLYNEUROPATHY", NERVES are like electric wire conducting the information from one point/ part to the brain and back, now nerve like electric wires have an insulation, but due to various reason the insulation layer gets withered and so the nerves will have issue concealing the information with the secure track (like short circuit as in case of electric circuit), and the information will be misrepresented as pain instead of mild touch or in matter of fact even heat can be represented by damage nerve to brain as PAIN. This is major issue in polyneuropathy, It's not yet possible to entirely replace the lost insulation of the nerve. Now cause for polyneuropathy are various as well as the treatment varies with different cause, Following are the causes and available treatment,1) Diabetic polyneuropathy - treat diabetes and keep sugar in control and give pain medication for symptoms of pain.2) Alcoholic polyneuropathy- Stop alcohol consumption, pain medication for pain if needed.3) Familial amyloid polyneuropathy - Tatamis (only approved by European Union not by FDA yet)4) polyneuropathies due vitamin deficiency - vitamin replacement. + pain medication for pain if needed5) Autoimmune polyneuropathies - Immunosuppression therapy, + pain medication for pain if needed. *********************************************************************************YES so the METHADONE AND OXYCODONE will help if taken correctly, and thanks for the COMMENT.

input: I haver asthma and just got over a devere cold. I havent been able to breathe and im coughing for over a week. I just started taking 20 mg prednisone 2x/day. I plan on taking it for 5 days. do i need to be weaned off after the 5 days? (I cant reach my dr)
output: HIF for acute treatment of 5 days then no need to wean the Chat Doctor.  If prolonged for more than a week or if you use repeatedly then you need to wean the 

input: I am 36, 5 feet 4 inches, 55 KG, male and was diognosed with Multiple Myeloma in February 2011. Before treatment my ESR was 92mm and after six cycles of Chemo therephy (with Valcade), it came down to 4mm. That was three months back. I got a ESR test done yesterday and it is 13 mm. Please advice.
output: Hello, You should not worry at present. Your present ESR mark is under normal limit. If it continues to rise then you should be concerned. I will advise you to get it repeated after about 20 days. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Im recently experiencing a stomach ache, and my shit is watery. This has been happening for three days now. Im guessing this will stop eventually but Im just wondering if theres a way to make mayself feel more comfortable while experiencing this. Also, is there a proper way of saying watery shit
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having gastroenteritis giving this problem. Take antispasmodic medicine like Metal spas. Take Ofloxacilin, tinidazole combination medicine for 3 days. Take light diet like curd, rice, butter milk and apple, orange juices. Take plenty of water. Ok and take care.

input: Hi, I m a 26 year old female, who has suffered with a number of health conditions in the past. Two years ago I had a large (20cm) benign schwannoma tumour removed surgically from a nerve behind my lung , and I also had blood clots across both lungs, which I was treated with warfarin for for 6 months. I have for the last 4 years been suffering from right lower sided abdominal pain , for which I still don t have a diagnosis. The pain varies from mild to occasionally very severe. My GP is of the belief I have endometriosis , but unfortunately I cannot have a laparoscopy as I am too overweight. I suffer from fatigue regularly, and regularly pick up chest infections and water infections. Just recently (one month ago) I had what my Doctor believed to be a kidney infection, and had a persistant high temperature on 3 different occasions. Following antibiotics and paracetamol it didn t bring down my temperature for 3 weeks. My GP now also considers that this wasn t a kidney infection, but I often have microscopic blood in my urine. The problem that I m having now is that my legs are aching horribly, and I have unexplained bruising on my arms and legs, as well as a chesty, wheezy cough. The pain in my legs is so bad that I cannot pull myself up off the bed/chair. I am suffering fatigue badly at the moment and I also have mild asthma which isn t helping the cough. My worry after having suffered from blood clots is that this may be a blood disorder. I also suffered from a nose bleed about 5 days ago, and it s very rare for me to have them, the last one must have been over 10 years ago. I do get a bit nervous when I am unwell, as when I was diagnosed with a tumour I spent about 4 weeks unable to breathe and with chest pain (and also had calf pain) which went unnoticed by doctors, who just thought it was a chest infection and gave me antibiotics. I m worried about something being missed again. Any advice you can give me would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
output: DEAR VICKY DONOR BE NERVOUS AND Lose YOUR RATIFICATION WITH TREATMENT, YOU SHOULD GET ADMITTED IN A CLINIC AND A THOROUGH BLOOD INVESTIGATIONS, ULTRASOUND AND CT SCAN EXAMINATION OF ABDOMEN ADVISED FOR A FINAL DIAGNOSIS

input: I have edema in my legs from a liver condition. I take diuretic (Lasix) and Aldactone to releve the swelling and rid of water retention. I am taking a 20 hour flight in a few days. Should I wear a sock during flight? I also have varicose veins. Should I take Venoruton? Thanks.
output: HI, How are you? My name is Chat Doctor.  I am a Liver transplant surgeon and I hope to answer your question today. I am sorry to hear about your problem. Leg edema is a frequent complication of liver failure. It is due to low protein levels and combined with varicose veins, can be very troublesome. Since you are already on diuretic therapy, I would advise you to wear "compression stockings" which are usually available in any 

input: Respected Sir,                         My father suffering from weist pain, leg pain. Doctor decited   spinal cord operation must. Now operation completed  but pain dont out. He is shouting for pain. doctor prescribed  akt-4 tablet  will be take quantiniue  one year. now what we do?
output: Dear Patient, Since your father has been started on AKT4, it means that he is suffering from tuberculosis of the spine, the surgical treatment of decompression has already been done, as your history suggest, but the medical treatment to cure the disease takes 12 to 14 months to complete, if routine pain medication are not giving relief, I would recommend you to see a pain medicine specialist, and under his guidance control pain, let the ATT continue, but please see that the dosing given is weight controlled, as inadequate dose, and multiresistant bacteria is the main cause of treatment failure in TB. I hope this helps you, feel free to contact for any other informationThanks.

input: My mom slipped and did the splits on my back porch Friday.she said she heard something pop under her butt cheek. She has been to the Dr , they did a xray now she waiting for those results. Her Dr said it was more then likely just tissue damage bur she s an medical assistant and she thinks its more then what the Dr said
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of your mother. As mentioned she has taken an x-ray for which she is uncomfortable I will recommend undergoing a CT scan of the skull. As certain times injuries to facial bones are not seen in x-ray and also soft tissue injuries don't make much sound. If any bony abnormalities are present due to injury a CT can detect and plan the next rehabilitation processRegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi there I had dengue fever last month, I recovered from that, but now I am suffering from acute back pain. My MRI shows L5/S1 annular posterior tear  and buldge at L4. MRI showed impression of myositis also. I did my blood test, it showed high TLC 16000. I am on cortisone (6mg) and antibiotic. Can you please suggest me what next should I do to get rid of this problem. It has been 8 days since I am completely on bed rest. (Everything I am doing on bed). I can send you my MRI report.         Thank you.                                                  Rachana
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Cortisone has a generalized anti-inflammatory effect, and it can decrease the inflammation caused by the myositis. A high TLC in blood can happen due to infection, allergy or inflammation. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: My son-in-law has terminal alveolar soft part sarcoma that he ha been battling for two years.......his doctor told him that there is no more treatment to treat him, as he is neutropenic. He advised him to make end of life plans to to what he wants to do,,,,see who he wants to see etc. Well, his WBC and platelets have come up this past week and he is in Florida. If there a reason WBC would increase suddenly if death is unavoidable?
output: Good morning. Your son-in-law is suffering from terminal illness, and he is neutropenia. The reason for sudden increase in his WBC counts can be the growth factors given to him by the doctor to increase his WBC counts to prevent the development of infections. Sometimes the lab report may be spurious that is another reason. But in any case no need to worry. Regards

input: Hi. My husband has been under a lot of stress lately. Due to my health issues. I have recently in the last month been having seizures, these are new onset seizures. I have never had one before. He has never had blood pressure problems until now, and has never had a major anxiety disorder until now. Recent;y, his blood pressure hasnt been below 152/98 and the highest its been is 178/118. He has been started on a BP medication Atenelol, but has been experiencing numbness in his right hand on his ring finger and pinky finger. It is constant, and its starting to get to where its worrying me! Should we ask his Dr to change his med?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I can understand. High blood pressure could be due to the anxiety disorder associated with your health issues, as well as white collar syn Chat Doctor.  Thinking about having his blood pressure checked might trigger high blood pressure. His anxiety also needed to be managed. You should talk to your doctor regarding this. After thorough check up, on finding nothing is wrong organically, you should request your husband to consult a psychologist for anxiety related behavior and cognitive therapy. He should be alright within months. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Take care.

input: Hello, Im 49 yrs. old and had a series of issues, this past year regarding my upper respitory, including pneumonia twice. Just recently, I feel im getting these symptoms all over again, however, I have heaviness in my legs along with this, which I never had before.Could this be something entirely different?
output: Respected user, Warm welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* Respiratory issues are in relation with lung infection either relapsing pneumonia or else.* Legs issue may be in association with lungs or not as - weakness induced cramps - other pathology as low hemoglobin, vitamins, minerals, anti oxidants - mobility related issues - perfusion related compromise - other systemic disorders.* Needs detailed case evaluation with series of necessary lab tests, x-ray of the chest with or without Doppler examination of the lower limb according to the clinician concern. Feel free to ask any further questions. Regards.

input: I am taking Praxidep CR and continuously for 1 year. I AM HAVING MUSCLE PAIN WHILE CAUGHING and also there is a countinuous bang noise which I hear while moving , and small uneasiness in hand and fingure while I change posture . Is it because of the medicine?
output: Hi. I can understand your concern. It could be related to the Chat Doctor.  It would be advisable to consult your doctor for the same.Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: My left foot/toes are freezing it feels like there is no circulation and they have pins and needles ive been to my gp and have had an mri that came back clear we have no idea what it is i had a blood test today and am going to see a neurologist, i just want this solved i havent been able to walk or run properly for a week
output: Dear patient what is your age and what is the duration of your symptoms. This should be always mentioned. Tingling and numbness In left foot may be due to local pathology in foot or due to pathology in lower spine. Are u having back pain ?  If yes possibility of disc prolapse is there. Common perineal nerve involvement at lateral aspect of knee may also lead to foot Chat Doctor.  You said MRI is done but did not mention for which area it is done? I mean foot or spine? Your visit with neurologist is highly recommended. Meanwhile start tab regain x 75 at bedtime for relief.thanks.

input: Hi Doctor The last 2 days I have woken up absolutely exhausted even though I have had over 7 hours sleep both nights. I have a throbbing headache and today I have been sick several times and have lost my appetite. Now my legs, neck and arms are aching as well. Please could you tell me what this is? Thanks You
output: In my opinion you should do some tests, check your calcium, phosphorus, magnesium levels, do a simple urine test and check your TSH, T4 levels .tell me what you find also if you are a female are you on contraceptive pills ? Good luck

input: my 4 year old has been complaining of a stomach ache for about 4 days now, she will be fine one minute and then will complain it hurts again. yesterday she puked and had runny bright green stool... now today she is crying her stomach hurts again and she just vomited, whats should i do?
output: Hi, Abdominal pain, loose stools and vomiting indicates acute gastroenteritis. If she don't have fever and stool does not contain mucus or blood, we need not worry. Give zinc syrup (20 mg / 5ml) 5ml once daily for 2 weeks and ondansetron syrup (2 mg / 5ml) 5ml 2-3 times a day for 2 days. Abdominal pain can respond paracetamol. Also give frequent sips of fluids like ORS solution after each stools to prevent deny Chat Doctor.  She will be fine in 3-5 days. If she develops fever, stool becomes blood stained or becomes lethargic with poor feeding, kindly take her to doctor. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Im 17 year old male, 6 foot, and 175 pounds. Im afraid the tube that semen moves through from my left testicle is clogged. I masterbated earlier while not purposfully pushing on my the top of my ballsack with my left hand. Now, it is very the tube is very swollen, thick, and lumpy. mY right testicle did not have this problem, it is normal. Is there anyways to unclog it without going to a doctors office? Thanks
output: Hi, thank you for quarry. As you mention that your left testicle tubes look like swollen and blocked there is a condition called varicocele in which laciniform venous plexus become prominent causing worm like swelling in 90% on left side due to its anatomy. Its cause male infertility with reduction in sperm count along with production and structural abnormalities of sperms. Sperm count along with Ultrasonogram required to confirm the diagnosis. If its confirmed no medical treatment only surgically its corrected. After surgery prognosis is good and improve semen bulk and fertility in males. Hope the answer will help you. Wish you a good health.

input: hi my name is rohit i am frm india i am taking s proxyne and spasmo cool plus capsule before 3 month now from 1 week i am not taking capsule my stomach is paining and my potty is coming green i consult to a chemist they gave me aome medicine like r-loc 150 eldospas plus nflox-tz
output: Hi,The common side effects of sproxyne and spasmo cool plus include nausea, vomiting,  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi so I ve had a spinal fusion for scoliosis four years ago and I was fine until September when my back started to hurt when I had a cold and hasn t stopped. I feel something moving at the top of my spine and it s really freaking me out, not to mention there s a bump on my spine that s hard and tender and my shoulder blades are really painful and itchy. Now all of a sudden on the top of both my shoulders by my collarbones are these big hard bumps. What on earth could be wrong?
output: Hello, I have studied your case. I will advise you to do MRI spine and CT scan spine. There may be aggravation of deformity, If there is any neurological involvement then you may need surgical correction. For symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. You can consult neurologist and spine and physiotherapist for Hemphill time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. Continue your exercises. You can consult physiotherapist for help. For symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: I have recently noticed that i have a swollen lymph node on the bacl left side of my neck. you cant see it, i noticed it but palpating the area. it does not bother me other then the fact i know it is there. i have no other symptoms. my parents say they cant feel it however i can. it also kind of feels like a muscle. but there is not one on the other side
output: Hello, As your lymph node is asymptomatic please get its FNAC done to reach up to a proper diagnosis for treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have extreme apathy, a lack of mental energy, a lack of focus, a lack of drive and motivation, inhibited executive function, (I cant make long term plans and stick to them), poor short term memory, procrastination and indecisiveness, inability to concentrate sufficiently to read a book, very poor verbal fluency. no suicidal thoughts. I don t think i have depression i think it s something else. what do you think?
output: Hello thanks for asking can understand your concern. You have symptoms like extreme apathy, reduced energy, poor focus, reduced motivation and Chat Doctor.  The mood is more or less not affected as you haven't mentioned this. If we consider the information you provided then two main possibilities can be there. One is depression, which you don't think you have. But even if you have normal mood and no disturbance in functioning even then reduced energy, lack of motivation, poor focus, apathy, indecisiveness etc. could be occurring due too mild to moderate depression. This should be evaluated by a psychiatrist. Other possibility is adult ADD. In adult ADD poor focus, procrastination, indecisiveness etc. are seen commonly and this could lead to other symptoms which you've mentioned. So please visit a psychiatrist for evaluation and diagnosis. Thanks and Take care

input: I have developed a small cluster of acne like bumps on my face but only only the right cheek. They are very painful and sore to the touch. There are a total of six bumps in this cluster. They do not itch but it is slightly red and irritated and as mentioned earlier. Rather sore to the touch. At 43 Ive had acne before and I don t think this is. Although it does appear to be acne. (Even though nothing comes out when I squeeze them but white blood cells ). Ive never. Ever Never, ever, ever had six small acne bumps pop up at the exact same time in the exact same spot or area on my face. We re talking a small diameter of 1/4 inch. But boy have they caused my whole cheek to swell up! Nor have I ever met anyone that has either. Anybody know what this is at all? Oh yeah. I m also getting these periodic waves of sharp pain that appear to be coming from behind this spot, (like it s coming out of my cheek bone or something), it shoots up through my cheek...Through the back side of my right eye and into my head . Not excruciating but definitely annoying. And only where this cluster of pimple like bumps are. HELP!
output: Hi, John, Thanks for query, You have got infected acne. Go for antibiotic medicine like Amoxicillin, clavunic acid combination medicines and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Apply triple cream. Wash your face frequently with plane water. Take green veges and more water. Ok and bye.

input: Hi. My girlfriend is experiencing very bad gas build up. Its stuck in her abdomen and chest . Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor see to it that her bowel is moved regularly, and she is not constipated if constipated use sorbilin4tsf at bed time take plenty liquids and high roughage diet avoid all spicy food and fried food stake gr8 OD once daily genus mp stab /syrup may be helpful to consult doctor and get checked up hoping early recovery of your girlfriend

input: Ive been trying for a baby for a year with my partner i have normal periods .. ive noticed my husbands semen is clear like water  i went to the doctors he said i dont fall into the criteria for fertility tests im twenty and my husbands thirty please help me
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Watery semen doe snot mean low in fertility. The water content in semen depends on so many aspects and the thickness varies. You need to conduct fertility tests to determine the fertility of the semen. You told you are trying to conceive. There are time periods where you should try to conceive. 10 days after your period and 10 days prior to the next period is ideal time period. You get almost 10 days. Try to conceive in these days. If this is not a success, you may approach an infertility specialist for fertility test. If you still need my assistance in this regard, please use this link. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Please remember to describe the whole problem with full detail. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I got my second ear lobe piercings done about 4 months ago. Its been taking a while for them to heal. Today I was changing and my ear got caught on my clothing and I pulled pretty hard. Now, its pussing clear liquid and is kind of throbbing and feels swollen and hot. Is it infected? I try to clean them regularly.
output: Hello, Infection of the ear-piercing can be due to wearing ear rings made of metals that are not inert in nature. Such metals decompose when exposed to air, water and can release decomposition products that can cause allergic reaction and infection. Some individuals with sensitive skin tend to get the reaction faster and can cause irritation, pain and fussing. So, first she should not wear earrings till the infection gets healed. Clean the ear-piercing site with Betadine solution and apply antiseptic ointment over it. Do cool compresses. Once it heals, she should wear earrings made of inert material like gold or plastic. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I have the chills but no fever ,my temp is about 97.5 . sometimes the chills feels like they hurt , sometimes no matter how warm it is i m still cold , my doctor says he thinks it may be a virus.He said my liver enzymes were elevated . He drew quite a bit of blood and that s all he came up with.Someone said osteomylytis. but that person isn t a doctor, ive had this for about a month.
output: Hi. Your doctors' opinion should be regarded and not of a non doctor. In absence of blood report or details of elevated enzymes, it is not possible for any doctor to comment correctly. It would be alt if you send more details. Hope it is useful to you.

input: Beginning yesterday my tongue and throat/esophagus started feeling swollen. It has continued today. No breathing problems yet, but Im worried this is going to get worse while I sleep.  It feels like a lump in my lower throat. My tongue isnt super swollen but seems bigger that I notice it in my mouth, pressing against the front roof of my mouth. I also have been burping more than normal but do not have any burning sensation. Ive read several things but not sure what to make if it. I have a doctor appointment next week, but wondered if I need to see someone sooner. What are your thoughts
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com. I had gone through your question I can understand your concern about your tongue. As per your history, signs and symptoms it seems to me that you are suffering with allergic reaction to your tongue and throat, or it can even be the infection to the tongue too. You don't need to worry, in case there is any difficulties in breathing you need to visit the emergency room as soon as possible. Otherwise, there is no need, sometimes because of acid regurgitation there seems to be numbness in the tongue, and you feel it is swollen, but practically it is not like that. You can have pantoprazole in morning empty stomach once daily to reduce the burping and regulations. Also take antiallergic like. Levocitrizine to reduce any sort of allergy. If you feel any breathing difficulties please visit the emergency room. Hope my answer will help you and visit us back if you have any further questions. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: my brother was diagonised to have jaundice and within 5 days he appeared to have swollen feet and stomach and was admitted in a ahospital where he undewent dialysis for more than 5 times saying that he had a high urea and creatine level ,for 8 days now that he is sent to home he still has a problem with the urea level being 100 and creatine llevel being 4 ,is it normal????his blood pressure and sodium level were controlled and is now normal what measure should we take to bring hisBUN and creatine level to normal,,is he suffering from any other disorder please let us know if it is urgent to react,,his age is 25 yrs!
output: Probably he might have acute hepatitis and later developed some renal failure. His high levels of BUN/Creatinine are probably from his metabolism. I would suggest he see a nephrologist urgently as this high number is very danger.  Kind regardsSrinivas

input: hi, i m 24 yrs old i have a jaunidice from 20 days, the jaudice is diagnose in early stage. after consulting the doctor they recommend to avoid oily, fatty & protiens diet & take carbohydrate diet, fresh fruits etc.after 20 days- my billurubin level at this time 10.5 from a long time but enzime is decreasingdr. allows protein diet, tea, little bit fat in foodbut i feel my appetite is decrease what the reason behind it plz give ur suggestion
output: Your body is recovering from an illness. It will take some time to return to normalcy. IN the meantime maintain the diet as it is important for a complete recovery.

input: Hi, I have a child who is nearly two. His poo was very runny and smelly, sometimes almost like water. He constantly has nappy rash and is very tender to wipe. His sister has been diagnosed with ceoliac disease but even though he has been tested twice for this disease, his tests have come back negative. I feel there is something not right so I have taken him off wheat to see if there was any improvement (3 days ago) and now his poo is very chunky (but better formed and not as smelly) and undigested.
output: Although test is negative your child must be having celiac. Biopsy is confirmed test .but your child responded to gluten-free diet is very imp clue.

input: During intercourse I have had fluid in my lungs 3 times and today I quit before it got bad. I e-mailed my doctor but no answer yet. I don t have this problem anyother time. I found out it sounds like pumonary edema. I know it is to be checked and I have a stres test on Friday. Advice?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should avoid heavy exertion and take rest at home. Get done TMT (Trade Mill Test) first to rule out cardiac cause. There are many causes for fluid in lungs but when it is due to cardiac cause, we call it as pulmonary edema. So we need to rule out cardiac causes first. I advise you to get done 2D Echo also for evaluation of heart function. As decreased heart function lead to pulmonary edema.

input: I am having excessive hair loss from last 3 months. First i thought its due to monsoon, humidity and dandruff. but its happening now also when the monsoon is over. What should i do to save it. Also my friend suggested me to take Follyhair tablets. I want to know whether there are any side effects of these tablets like weight gain or something else or they are safe.
output: Hi.you can start these tablets for hair hall. They contain biotin which is required for hair regrowth. Along with these tablets also start iron and calcium supplements. You have to take this treatment at least for 6 months for full benefits.

input: i went to exercise class for heart people and i had good bp reading 112/70 however my pulse rate was at first before exercise 112 after 121. i find also i have lost weight and got back my smell and taste. this has been transitory gone gor months then back.however i believe the senses may be tied to stress or sinus. this electric anxiety i have in dealing with problems may trigger senses. is there a connection. now i can taste and smell lately. i do however have anxiety tonight. thanks from cape breton
output: His had gone through your query. I understand your concerns. Anxiety is unconcerned fear with physical symptoms like heart beating sweating etc. It can be controlled by nature way improper sleep and diet.Stress-free activity pleasurable activity, music and hobbies. I have treat so many patients with mild dose of benzodiazepine and mild dose of SSRI, in SSRI mild dose of Escitalopram and paroxetine like Chat Doctor. Still have a query then feel free to ask. Thank you. Take care.

input: Hi, I m expected to have my period in 2 days but I have been feeling some cramping pains like you would your period but it hasn t arrived yet...I don t usually get this pain without having a period a few hours later. I ve had this pain for 2 days now and it comes and goes, I also have some tiredness and heartburn . What should I do regarding these symptoms?
output: Dear Leana, abdominal cramps are, unfortunately, a usual symptom during and before the periods.  Cramps are caused by prostaglandins which cause uterus contraction. The contracting muscles help push the blood out through a girls' vagina during her period. So these contractions can be mild or very unpleasant and can vary from month to month. Also, other hormonal disbalances due to menstruation cause nausea, vomiting, headache, fatigue and abdominal swelling.  Girls who are younger when their periods start, who have longer periods or heavier blood flow and smoking are a risk factors for cramps. Heartburn can be related to this story, but also it can mean TAH you have some kind of gastric problems such as HERD, Ulcer/gastritis, so you should do gastrostomy to find the exactly what's going on. Use analgesics(nonsteroid) for pain relief because they decrease prostaglandin production in blood. To be sure that you're healthy do gynecology examination and pelvic ultrasound to check your uterus and ovaries and steroid hormone levels. Wish you good health, 

input: Hi, I am 18 years old, weighing 135-140lbs. I was born with a hole in my heart but it grew over before I was two. I have recently been to the hospital 3 times in the past two months for a reaccuring rash, medication for my ( what I think are impacted) wisdom teeth, and just today for a bladder infection. I have started drinking coffee for the first time around the start of may which is when I had medication for my teeth. I was wondering if it was the coffee or the medication, but Im having chest pains in the middle and left side of my chest. It feels like a fluttering then sharp shooting pain. If you can help it would be greatly appreciated.thanks Katie.
output: Dear Katie, Thanks for your query. If your hole was totally closed or not is an important consideration. Coffee intake can increase heart rate in susceptible individuals and may be responsible for certain causes of chest pain like HERD. It is best to avoid coffee till the issue is sorted out. Please take the help of your local cardiologist. SincerelySukhvinder

input: I consider myself to be a healthy male,19, always active, but eveytime i drink a protein shake (jay robb protein, half a bannana, berries, almond milk) my chest hurts left lower pectorial and left upper ab. This has been going on for quite sometime now, over a year, no doctor that i have visited has given me a clear answer they just say "it may be this or it may be that" any help at all would be appreciated.
output: Hi Dear !! Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Read and reviewed your query and health concerns. IN the given situation, You seem to have suffered from-Banana -fructose/ or Milk shake-with lactose intolerance / or Whey protein in -Protein powder allergy, would be possible cause of Chest pain after Chat Doctor. Chest pain with left pectoralis muscle pain-is due to allergic gastritis and esophagitis is due to protein, milk and banana allergy. Food intolerance testing with biopsy of the small intestinal mucosa, would resolve the issues in diagnosis and would resolve treating it accordingly. Hope this would help you to plan further of this complex illness of yours. If need be, update any health issue 24 x 7 by a direct question to ME, at following Chat Doctor link-http://doctor.Chat Doctor .com/Funnel?page=askDoctorDirectly&docId=70229Dear, if satisfied, Dont forget to close this query with YOUR pleasing feedback comments to rate this reply and service, to boost the morale of incoming Emergency patients like YOU, at Chat Doctor services. If you want to update more details and ask more update queries, You are most Welcome herewith !! Good Day!! Wishing Good Healthy Life in time to come!!

input: Hi. Iam 40 years old and attended the hospital for an ultrasound scan for a swelling under my right arm . The Radiographer told me to make an appointment to see my GP , to receive the results in ten days time. When I phoned the surgery , the receptionist said these things can take longer, and gave me 4 May to attend for the result. I am quite anxious, do these things usually take so long?
output: I am too late to post answer as I joined this forum recently. Hope you have got ultrasound done

input: Dear Sir I,m problem with Premature Ejaculation within 5-10 Sec I finished my activities because I,m failed So whats I will do I have Diabetics & I will take metformin 850 two times a daily.So please tell to me whats kinds of Indian medicine I will take or whats treatment I already taken before therapy in before also.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Most of the premature ejaculation problems are due to anxiety and apprehension, and they are purely psychological. Diabetic induces some tiredness into the system and more anxiety. Most of the people affected with diabetics do complain premature ejaculation in the early stage, and it becomes alright itself later. I suggest you to consult a psychologist for counseling. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Take care.

input: my son s circumcision was almost 2 weeks ago and the swelling continues until now. His Doctor was not around when we get back for check up so its another Doctor who attended to our problem. According to him, it s normal, we only have to use cold water for cleaning, apply cold compress .How long can we expect that the swelling be removed after applying above?
output: It will take 2-3 weeks for the complete healing. Another week or so and he will be fine. No need to panic if there is no oozing or bleeding from the wound.

input: Hi, I have stuffy nose and congestion from past many days now and it does not seem to be common cold/flu as I was suspecting it. It seems like alergy to me which is common in Bangalore during this time. Last year my doctor prescribed Tab Montek LC (1 at Bed time for 3 days) and Tab Montek 10mg (1 at bedtime for 7 days). Along with this she also recommended Capsule Mucolite SR (three times a day for 3 days). And after three days, she asked me to continue the Montek LC for another 5 days. Unfortunately she is out of town now. Can I take the same medicine and dosage?
output: Hi there!I agree with you over the fact that allergy is common to Bangalore, however all attacks of cold/flu cannot be attributed to allergy. Morever indiscriminate use of anti allergic is not advisable. What I have seen in general is intensive steam inhalation using capsules of Karol plus along with tab ivory will bring you good relief. To confirm an allergic etiology to your cold you should check your serum IG e levels. If elevated they need to be monitored and specific antigen needs to be isolated for long term precautions and benefits.I would also recommend you getting yourself evaluated for chronic sinusitis as this also contributes to chronic cough and cold in many cases. Chat Doctor. 

input: I was exposed to fumes from several theatrical lighting instruments in an enclosed space a few weeks ago. After trying inhalers and steroid treatment my lungs look clear. However, I still have issues with feeling faint when I am at all active, a metallic taste in my mouth, coughing up metallic tasting watery stuff, and shortness of breath that comes with the faintness. What could this be and what tests could be done to figure out what it is?
output: Hello, According to the history, you provide better to discuss with a toxicologist specialist for probably further follow up.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I have a cracked tooth, and yesterday, my dentist prescribed some vicodin. I have been taking 600 mb of Ibuprofen every 7 hours or so. Can I continue to take the Ibuprofen while taking the Vicodin? Also, if I don t take any Vicodin, how often can I take the Ibuprofen, and how many mg can I take each time?
output: You have to take either one of them they both are analgesics there is no use of taking two analgesics you can better take Vicodin and stop ibuprofen and also get your tooth checked properly and get an x-ray of the victim tooth if root of your tooth had not fractured than it can be saved by simply doing root canal treatment and giving you a ceramic crown which duplicates your teeth and maintain aesthetics.

input: My mother has metastatic breast cancer that has affected her bones and some part of her brain. Her liver sonograms looked ok but, her liver functions on her blood report are abnormal (besides her bile is in range). SHe had been vomiting and acid reflux frequently but, by reducing her medicine dosages have helped. I wanted to find out what is going on with her.
output: Hi, She has got metastatic breast cancer. Brain met scan be a cause of vomiting, Metastatic lesion in liver can be picked up by sonogram many a time, but there is a chance of missing it also. Anyway, there is treatment of metastatic breast cancer, at this condition, whole brain radiotherapy and hormonal therapy depending on receptor status can be beneficial, consult your oncologist.

input: I have PCOS. I have taken gluconorm 1000mg for 3 years. Now havent taken it in last 6 months as i was feeling nausea, fatigue all  the time while i was on medication. So doctor suggested to stop taking it for few months. I am trying to get pregnant. I have missed my period.I have gastric problem also. After 20days of missed  the period, m feeling very tired,pukish and drained all the time. My question is should i start medication again. Is it necessary to take medicine to get pregnant. I am overweight and trying to loose weight.
output: Hello, First, you need to rule out pregnancy by home pregnancy test as you are TTC and 20 days missed period. Treatment of PCs includes low carboy Chat Doctor. Gluconate must be taken to get pregnant as it helps to overcome insulin resistance and facilitate ovulation. Kindly, consult with your doctor.

input: I have some redness / skin irritation around the head of my penis. My family Dr. said it wasn t herpes and instead prescribed some anti fungal cream. It has been two weeks and is better, but hasn t gone away. Should I see a dermatologist instead? Or just give the cream more time?
output: Hi, You might be having fungal infection or bacterial infection due to not cleaning Sega properly. Clean the Sega by averting fore skin daily while taking shower. Go for one oral antifungal medicine course like Fluconazole. Keep local hygiene clean, Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.

input: my father is 80 yrs old and he is totally normal. Today we do some blood test of him like kidney profil,lever profile and other blood count, every results are normal but his ESR is 34 however as per normal value it shoule be max, 10, what is it meanig.Raj
output: It is erythrocyte sedimentation rate which goes up in varied health problems. 34 is not a very alarming rise which needs attention. Mild common health problems can give rise to this much increase in ESR to which we do not give importance. Adequate HY Chat Doctor. 

input: I am having symptoms of a sore tongue and gums, like the skin in my mouth is tight.  It is a dull ache most severe on the sides of my tongue and lower parts of the inside of my gums.  My teeth are not sore and I really am healthy with no other symptoms.  It is painful to eat, hence the concern.  Anything you may be able to deduce from this?  Thanks for your help! Gabe
output: Hi. Thanks for the query. It looks like you have inflammation inside mouth. Due to inflammation you are experiencing pain and soreness. Inflammation and soreness can be due to numerous causes, but common ones are allergy to certain foods or chemicals, deficiency of or vitamin B 12 or both, burning the inside of mouth while eating something very hot or irritation with any chemical substances or mouthwash etc. Fungal infection can be another cause. So first consult an Oral Physician and get the cause ruled out. Treatment of the same will help in relieving the oral symptoms too. For now symptoms can be managed with gargling with numbing mouthwash containing Lidocaine like Magic Mouthwash. Start taking vitamin B complex supplements daily. You can also do cool water rinses and suck ice as both of these can absorb heat and reduce inflammation. Avoid hot, acidic and spicy foods. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: Hi,<last week my 4yrs/Female kid was diagnosed with Jaundice, total bilirubin was 10.8 (8x + 2x), she has been talking medicine for 10 days now, a second blood report showed bilirubin total to be 32.x. Is it high? Is it serious? What count will be dangerous?  our pediatrician said today jandice is high, it will increase before coming down something like that. After a week of taking medicine, jaundice getting higher doesnt not make sense to me. How is it possible? Can please some give some advise? Thanks.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. Jaundice is usually sign of certain liver disease and high bilirubin value.  Causes of jaundice vary from non-serious to more complicated- High bilirubin may be due to liver diseases such as cirrhosis or hepatitis, infections, medications, or blockage of the bile duct In the developed world the cause is more often blockage of the bile duct or medications. In children, common causes are Gilbert's disease or hepatitis viral. Medical imaging such as ultrasound is useful for detecting certain liver issues. Treatment of jaundice is typically determined by the underlying cause. If a bile duct blockage is present surgery is typically required, otherwise management is medical.[Medical management may involve treating infectious causes and stopping medication that could be contributing. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.

input: My domestic worker had a Chest Xray.  What does the following mean: Cardiomegaly as well as air space infiltration in lower lung regions. Increased ground glass opifications in both lungs. Vascular prominence centrally. Appearance suggest active atypical infection. May be complicated cardiac decompensation and early air space oedema.  She is a known hypertensive.
output: Hi there, As she is hypertensive cardiomegaly means a bigger heart in size is expected.Airspace infiltration meaning either it may be some sort of infection or pulmonary edema due to some degree of heart failure.

input: Hi! My 3 year old has had vomiting diarrhea for 5 days. Went to er on day 2 for dehydration. Today was the first day she ate and felt better. This evening we noticed swollen knees and hands and a rash on her elbows, knees, arm pits, hands. Benadryl has seemed to help. What could this be?
output: Hi...by what you say the same virus which has caused the diarrhea might have caused the swelling of joints and rash. It is common in viral illness. Another possibility is that it could be a reactive arthritis to the virus causing diarrhea. If the child is otherwise active, need not worry. Regards -

input: Hi I have a spot with two lumps in it well I think it does and it wont go away I have sqeezed it to the point where blood comes out at first a yellow sticky puss then blood please can you help as I dont like to waste doctors time its on the right cheek of my bum near the anus.
output: It can be two things first it can be perianal abscess and other possibility is it can be fistula in ANO... so if abscess is small it will reduce with antibiotic... but large abscess and fistula in ANO requires surgical intervention... so if you think, so please consult a surgeon nearby...

input: my 4 yr old has been complaining of stomach cramps and began running a fever she now is complaining of a sore throat and i noticed three red spots on her legs i am trying to figure out what is wrong with her as i took her to the er and they wernt sure what was wrong but said it could be possible she might be getting strep but said to give her advil for the fever and thats it.
output: Hi... by what you say I feel that your kid maybe having very early signs and symptoms of Enoch schooling purpura. This is a sort of systemic vasculitis which can cause red spots on the lower limbs along with tummy pain. If she is rolling over the bed in severe abdominal pain or red spots on her legs are increasingly palpable, then I suggest you get her back to the Emergency Room immediately. But skin conditions are usually diagnosed and treated at their best only after seeing them directly. So I suggest you upload an image on this website and then get back to us, so that we can guide you scientifically. Regards - 

input: I have a close friend in Germany, he just turned 60, and about 2 years ago he was diagnosed with some sort of blood disease, I cannot remember the name, but it is causing his white cells to increase and red cells to decrease so they are both falling outside the normal limits. They have told him to come in once a year and get checked. And it sounds like there is not really any good treatment available. I would like to know the name of this condition so I can research it, and also any info about prognosis . Thanks in advance, Diana O.
output: Hello welcome to ChatDoctor, I am  ChatDoctor.  It ranges from  leukemia to myelodysplatic syn

input: Yes, I was recently exposed for 7 hours to Professional Strength Goof Off (Xylene, Ethylbenzene, Butoxydiglycol, Acetone and Butane). I was diagnosed with Acute Chemical Bronchitis and treated with prednisone. Two weeks later had two pulmonary embolisms that I was hospitalized for 5 days. With no clinical reason for the PE s, could they be caused by the chemical or prednisone? I m a 64 year old male with pre-existing COPD. Thank you, Augie
output: I am suspecting that being a patient with COPD, your He would be in the higher side due to chronic hypoxia. That itself is a risk factor venous blood clotting. On top of that you must have been hypoxic due to the organic chemicals and the viscosity of your blood would have been increased both by the organic chemicals and the hypoxia and triggered off the pulmonary embolic.

input: My 9 year old son has had a reoccuring fever off and on every week and a half for the last month or so. The fever happens for a couple of days peaking around 105 along with headache and some stomach ache. He s fine in between these occurances. What could be causing this?
output: Hi, Having recurrent fever for long time requires some blood work to be carried out. Go for complete blood testing like TC, DC, platelet count, ESR, Report will give exact cause of having fever. After report your doctor will go for appropriate treatment. Give him light food. Ok and take care.

input: hello my daughter is going on 2 years old she has a belly that my family likes to call a buda belly because it looks like budas belly does but we know it is not fact we think there might be something wrong with her because the rest of her is skinny even if her back was faced to you you would know that she had a big belly what can i do to help her her doctor tells me that she is fine but they have only pushed on her belly i do not understand why she is like this someone plz help me put some clirty on this
output: Big belly in skinny child occurs because of hypotonia of abdominal musclesExclude protein energy malnutrition In case of huge ascites, same condition occurs

input: I have sharp, pin pricking pain on my upper back. It stings and radiates pain around my shoulder blade (8/10 on the pain scale). There is no visable bite, marking, or redness on the skin. It is quite distressing, as it is a significant pain with no apparent source.
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concernsWith such presentations in my clinic, I would firstly reassure my patient. Mostly this is Myositis or muscle spasm in the upper back muscles . I suggest also doing plain X-ray for cervical and thoracic vertebrae. I advise you to receive muscle relaxant and NSAID.

input: Have a 9 cm painful swollen bruise on the side of my left lower abdomen.Has fluid and a lump and is incredibly sore and all muscles around hurt and tummy is swollen tonight also. I noticed it yesterday afternoon starting to appear (it started as a hard lump sticking out, hardly any bruise) have not had a bash or fall. have been exercising a lot recently with weights and doing lots of sit ups. i am 34 years old. went to the doctor here in seychelles who gave me antibiotics? feel a bit worried.
output: Hi. You had a definite history of strenuous exercises like weight lifting and sit-ups. The strain on the muscle group must have caused a tear in the blood vessel to cause a collection of blood called hematoma. I would advise you to get a CT scan pertaining to this area to study and diagnose whether it is just a muscle tear of Hematoma formation. A large hematoma needs aspiration and tight bandage, full bed rest, review with ultrasonography for the progress. Antibiotic may not be necessary if the skin is intact. Anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxants work well. IT takes about 3 weeks of bed-rest.

input: I am 40 years lady. I had got high fever 1 1/2 months ago and had taken antibiotic course for 5 day. That time I got the urine tested. Pus Cells. 20-30/HPF,Epithelial Cells.4-8/HPF, Micro Organism - present. But there was no growth in CULTURE Report. Repeat test is done and presently it contains Pus Cells. 15-20/HPF,Epithelial Cells.2-4/HPF, Micro Organism - present Protein - Trace. Again CULTURE shows no growth. What is its implication? I am taking medicines for thyroid - 25 mg only. I am not experiencing any pain or burning senstation while passing urine at present or when I had got fever last time. I have the history of Urine Infection after birth of my child (caeserian) who is now aged 4 years . At that time also there was no pain or burning sensation but I had suffered from fever with bodyache.
output: Hii have gone through your question and I can understand your concern about fever ant UTI.as there is pus cell and bacteria present in urine it clears that you got a urinary track infection and your fever is also due to this. Before going to any conclusion I would like to ask you some question1) is there is weight loss in past few days?2) do you fell weakness?3) is there is any person in your surrounding who is suffering from tuberculosis.in almost all the cases of urinary track tuberculosis picture is almost same like yours. There is puss cell there is microorganism there is fever, but there is nothing in culture because tuberculosis bacteria need a special culture media for its growth, and it also takes more than usual time to growth.I will suggest you to go for a urine AFB test also request for culture for M.TB.also get an ultrasound done for your kidney hoping this information will help you and send the answer for my questions as soon as possible so that I can help regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I am gymer i don t understand but how I feeling verry pain in body from hipp, hamstring, calf and leg feet include veins stretch and pain . I show a docter and he suggested me take for meganeuro od plus. I want know how this work please give me more suggestions for that
output: Hi,First I east to tell you is had tab. Aceclofenac100mg+ thiocolchicoside4mg twice a day and cap. Pregabalin75mg night along with tab. You are taking. Now meganeuron, it repairs damaged nerves which is very important in your case. Stop any kind of exercise. Thanks, Chat Doctor. 

input: I drank 4 water bottles today like bottal after bottal (right when I m done with one I gt another). After my 4th bottle my lower stomach by my hip started hurting when ever I was slouching or sitting straight (I haven t had my period yet so I m not sure if that is it {I m 14}). Please tell me what the situation is and If I should worry or not.
output: Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. I do not consider this situation of yours to be anything to worry about.  Chat Doctor.  It would be relieved soon once the water gets absorbed, and of course, there could be some diuretic spell. So, do not get worried. As suspected by you, it might be the pre menstrual discomfort only. I hope this information would help you in overcoming your anxiety on excess water intake. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Using microgynon30, do I need to take the pill at the same or a regular time each day? I ve not taken the pills at a regular time each day (between 8am-2pm), and pretty sure a few times I forget a day and take it the next morning (and that day s in the evening or not at all). I m on microgynon30. Should the pill still cover me as contraception if I m taking it, almost haphazardly, like this?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. If you are taking the pill on the same day even if it is at haphazard timings, then you are protected against pregnancy. In case you have completely forgotten the pill for more than 2 days then you need an additional protection. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. You can consult me again directly through my profile URL http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: I have swelling of testes (no bruising), following bilateral inguinal hernia repair (with mesh, using the tension-free method) 7 days ago. It appears to become more pronounced further into the day, with my my testes at time 2-3 times the normal size. It is resulting in a moderate discomfort when sitting, standing and walking. How long could I expect this to last for?
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have undergone surgery for Bilateral Inguinal Hernia 7 days ago and now has testicular swelling. It is common to have testicular swelling after hernia surgery which gets resolved within 2-3 weeks. You need to take broad spectrum antibiotic like eferin along with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 

input: hey, my daughter which is 12 wants to wear a diapor i guess its because she wets her bet at night alot and many times this month and last i have to leave work because needs clean clothes should i let her wear it or punish her for useing it on her self im stuck went to her doctor and she said that she will grow out of it any addvice?
output: Hello, Its the wrong practice and because of poor toilet training in start though. She is sensible now sit with her and talk to her that diaper is for small babies only those adult wear diapers who are mentally ill. Are you?. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My husband has a possible wrist fracture. X ray was not terribly clear but they think this is the probable cause. He can touch it without pain can t move it. Yet it is something that he woke up with... Mimial discomfort a few days before this and now there is a red line moving up his arm.... What could this be?
output: Hello, As of now you can use analgesics/anti-inflammatory combination like diclofenac/seratiopeptdase for symptomatic relief.  If symptoms persists better to consult an orthopaedician and plan for an MRI scan. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I just had my right kidney removed due to a clear cell Renal Carcinoma Fuhrman grade 4 there was mention of a few things one of which was a Bilateral Hilar Prominence, What is this or what does it mean, I am a 60 year old male with Lupus but eat somewhat healthy ; no Mcdonalds ,B.King and well you get the point
output: Hello, Your X-ray picture is suggestive of the following conditions.  1. Heart failure2. Emphysema.  So please let me know 1. Do you smoke?2. Do you have hypertension or diabetes or other heart diseases? 3. Do you have breathlessness or cough or edema feet?  Please reply to me answers of above-asked questions, so that I can guide you better. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.  Rammstein, General Surgeon

input: My mother has spinal stenosis. Recurring and now growing very frequent, she experiences sensations when standing that begin in her legs and spread up into her back that her legs are collapsing beneath her (melting) and then she has to sit or feels that she will fall to the floor. Any suggestions about what is going on and what her next actions shoulc be?
output: Hello, I have studied your case and reportsCanal stenosis leads to burning/numb sensation and pain in your back and leg. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Epidural steroid shot can help. If there is no relief with all conservative measures then decompression with fusion or disc replacement can be done. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: I am inquiring about the concern of a dear friend who has been mostly confined to her bed for the past 6 weeks due to the following symptoms: extreme weakness, dizziness, hands shaking, aching all over, headache, limited intake of food, became dehydrated and had to go to the hospital for iv fluids.  Shes had a cat scan and blood work which did not show anything, and the doctor shes seen in Scottsdale, AZ does not know whats wrong.  Early in Sept. she had Shingles which affected her back, arms, neck and torso.  Do you think she should be examined by a neurologist.  She also has had Fibromyalgia for years.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I appreciate your concern for your friend. Yes, it would be very useful for her to be examined by a neurologist. Her present symptoms may or may not be related to the past episode of shingles. After examination, she may require MRI of brain and spine, and blood work such as thyroid profile, serum vitamin B12 level, etc. to identify the cause. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: Hello, I was prescribed an acne topical treatment called Benzoyl Peroxide Gel USP, 10% I currently take ORTHO TRI-CYCLEN and I was wondering if it will interfere with my birth control since the tube does say its an antibiotic. I did some research and some websites say it can and some do not. I would like to know the correct answer.
output: Namaste Welcome to ChatDoctorGreetings of the benzoyl peroxide acts by release of oxygen, It does not interfere with metabolism of any Chat Doctor.  It's unlikely to have any interaction with any other 

input: I had a check of my blood pressure recently and it indicated 170 rather than the 140 which is the accepted range!and I have regular head-aches and some strange quivering feelings in my arms and today I felt dizzy on and off!am 48 yrs of age and female!Can you advise a quick remedy?Thank u
output: Hi, Ideally, BP should 130/80 mm Hg. A high surge of systolic BP can cause dizziness. Lifestyle modification (aerobic exercise regularly, salt restriction and weight loss, if BMI is high and foods containing high potassium) can lower BP. Otherwise, antihypertensive Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I had a vasectomy 14 days ago. It was a no scalpel coterized open ended type of vasectomy. My testicles are still pretty tender and I must be careful not to bump them with my hand or something as this causes pain. When I am resting, I don t feel any pain. Is this normal after 14 days? Is so, how much longer till this issue goes away? Also, when my ball-sac hangs loose, it looks a bit deflated since having the procedure. Is this normal?
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Pain after vasectomy for such a long period is abnormal. NSV or non scalpel vasectomy will never cause loose or deflated testicles. So pain may be because of the infection or some other thing. I suggest you should examine yourself with the doctor for pain in the testicles. Only visible examination and direct examination can diagnose the condition directly. And can help you cure. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: husband had abnormal ecg echo test clear but positive stress test showing he may have had a heart attack.he is 59 and father had angina died at 68 with stroke husband is non smoker and non drinker,has to have angiogram,could it be a false alarm or am i deluding myself?
output: Hello, I understand your concern and would like to review his ECG for a second opinion.  An exercise cardiac stress test or dobutamine stress echo would be less invasive tests (compared to the angiogram) to help investigate for coronary artery disease.  Even though he has no cardiovascular risk factors like smoking or Chat Doctor.  Which may lead to an increased risk for coronary artery disease.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have had a pain in my right side for several months. It is between my pelvis and my rib cage. It is worse in the morning hours. I awaken in the morning with a pain. It goes away in a few hours after a bm or passing gas. Heat makes it feel better. Bill E.
output: HiT his can be due to chronic abdominal infection or any problem with the liver or gall bladder. Kindly consult your treating doctor and go ahead for an abdominal and pelvic scan. Hy Chat Doctor. All the best.

input: I have an under skin bumb in my pelvic area. at first it did not hurt, I could just feel it with my finger. after about three weeks it seemed to be going away, however, today the skin got red and it is painfull when I touch it. can it be STD, and if not, how can I get rid of it?
output: Hi.based from your description, yes, it could be folliculitis. This usually occurs after shaving or when a hair is accidentally pulled out, and it gets infected. It could also be a cyst, or an inflammatory reaction which is starting to form an abscess. Medical and/or surgical management will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: I AM 57 YEARS OLD. FOR THE PAST ONE MONTH I HAD A PAIN IN MY LEFT LEG KNEE. I FEEL LIKE THAT SOMEBODY IS PULLING MY NERVE FROM LEFT LEG KNEE TO MY WAIST. AT THAT TIME I FELL UNCONFORMTABLE FOR STANDING. AFTER SOME TIME IT WAS NORMAL. IS IT ADVISBALE THAT I CAN TAKE RENERVE CAPSULS FOR THIS PROBLEM. MY MAIL ID. YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, there! The best way to investigate joint is to make MRI scan. All weight-bearing and movement pain in the knee can be related to meniscal tears (degenerative in Your situation). Avoid squats and work-outs that make excessive load on knee. I hope this helps

input: I ve been experiencing a substantially increaed frequency of painful muscle cramps in various parts of my body (i.e., almost daily) since I began R-Chop chemoterapy for Stage 2 Lymphoma last September. Consequently, on the sixth and last treatment I had six days ago, the Oncologist in charge left out the component of R-Chop called Vincristine . She did this because she thought it was the only component of R-Chop that could possibly cause muscle cramps and, at the same time, was the least important doe chemotherapy . Since then, I haven t experienced a single muscle cramp. Do you think this provide(s strong evidence that Vincristine was the cause of my muscle cramps? Is there proof that Vicristine does, in fact, cause muscle cramps?
output: Hi, Christine is causative agent for neuropathy any way symptoms may sometime not very clear to any particular Chat Doctor.  R-CHOP regime is used in CD 20+ NHL. Rituximab has maximum efficacy with doxorubicin. Please consult your oncologist.

input: I have a 13 year old boy, who grew to fast and will need back brace because of his ribs is not in position it should be. Xray have been done and Drrecommended Ct. Children Hospital.Can we get the brace for free or low cost.We do not have any insurance.Thank you for your advice. At this point I need financial advice before any other questions
output: Hi their state child Chat Doctor.  Please ask your doctors about this. If they don't then ask them for the specific name and size because this matters and then search for it and see how much actually it costs, if cant afford it then turn to social media and as for help, describe your case and POST details of the brace, I am sure someone out there has used and has grown out of it, but it still is in good condition and can give it to you for free or for low cost.

input: i am working as software engineer i have back pain . i am sotting 10 hours daily
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Since you are spending a lot of time siting down working on a computer, the back muscles are getting strained, causing pain. This is one of the professional hazards that you are having. Try to frequently change your posture and don't work continuously at a stretch. Take frequent breaks to stretch your legs and relax your back muscles. Avoid taking any painkillers, as they are harmful to the body.

input: Hi Sir my daughter is 2years 8monts now she is having pain in throat from last night, yesterday she haved some patato chips so i think because of chips she must have got throat infection, I have given her 5ml Althrocin 125mg syrup today morning becz she was complaing of sever throat pain. so I want your advice what should i do.
output: Hi...potato chips won't cause throat infection. This could be a viral or bacterial pharyngitis. I do not approve of using over the counter antibiotics. I suggest you go ahead and do a rapid antigen streptococcal test and a throat swab culture after consulting your pediatrician. If any one of these is positive, then we are justified in giving an antibiotic. Regards - 

input: About 3 months ago I had sharp pains in my right thumb off & on for about 2 days & then it went away. Now for about the last 6 wks I ve been having a lot of stiffness in top joint with pain especialy when I wake after doing a lot of gripping or lifting the day before. It s like a catch in that joint that s very painfull especially the first several times I try to bend it. I work with my hands so this is very troubling .Any ideas? Thank You.
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. Although it isn't possible to diagnose your condition without an examination and a few tests, your history is suggestive of arthritis of thumb joint. I would suggest getting this evaluated by an orthopedic for detailed examination. You may get the X-ray/MRI, some blood tests and joint fluid analysis under his/her guidance to reach the accurate diagnosis. Use heat and cold to manage pain. Both heat and cold can relieve pain in your joint. Heat also relieves stiffness and cold can relieve muscle spasms. Apply over-the-counter pain creams. Creams and gels available at the Chat Doctor. Take diet rich in calcium, vitamin d3 and minerals. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: I was suffering from nausea for some days I visited my family doctor who said that my liver has expanded and has given some medicines for 10days. For the first day after taking medicines I have no signs of nausea and I felt hungry but in the 2nd day again the feeling of nausea is comming. The doctor has prescribed me Flagyl & Stemetil. Sir I am feeling tensed plz help My age is 25 yrs & I am a male My height is 5feet 6 inches weight 56.2 kgs
output: Hi, The symptoms listed by you could possibly be due to infection or due to some form of hepatitis, most commonly foodborne (Hepatitis A and Hepatitis E). Although the treating physician is the best judge of your condition, I think it is prudent to get a set of Liver function tests done to diagnose the cause for your enlarged liver and also a hepatitis screen to look for infections.

input: My husband has had a nagging cough for two weeks. He had an appointment with his physician for another reason, and his doctor refused to talk about his cough, but only said that if it continued, he may have to order an upper respiratory x-ray. What can be done to alleviate his cough in the meantime?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor, As per your query, You can try these remedies for cough, cold and sore throat.1. Saltwater gargle-gargling several times a day with warm salt water can reduce swelling in the throat and loosen mucus, helping to flush out irritants or bacteria. Dissolve half a teaspoon of salt in one cup of water. Just remember to spit the water out after gargling, rather than swallowing.2. You can take Anti-allergic Been Chat Doctor. Lozenges and spray-Sucking on cough 

input: Hello, my mother is 63 years old, she has polycythemia vera from 4 years. From 2-3 weeks she has a very little blood on the toilet paper, but not every day. Yesterday she has diarrhea with no blood or pain, but temperature 37.5C. Is it possible this blood to be result from the polycytemia. Thank you very much!
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Polycythemia causes high hemoglobin and high red blood cell mass. Complications of polycythemia includes thrombosis and sometimes hemorrhage, however, bleeding in stools is unlikely to occur due to polycythemia. I suggest you to consult a gastroenterologist for lower GI endoscopy and thus to look for the cause of such bleeding. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: im going to go see my gyno any way, time for my yearly visit. But just curious, I am a 42 year old woman who has been regularaly working out on average 4 to 5 times per week. cardio and strength training. Recenly, a couple of days after my menstral cycle was over, about a half hour in to my work out I have gotten abdominal cramps, not like a stitch type of cramping, like mentral cramping (which I do have by the way with my mentral cycle) I actually go to the restroom expecting to see blood, like I have started again or something. But nothing, it finally lets up about 20 minutes after I stop working out. Just curious what your thouhts on what some of things that could be causing it. I happened two nights in a row, I did not work out last night, but am headed back tonight to the gym. Hoping it just goes away :-)
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. The reason looks obvious. There can be retained clots which cause this type of pains, Consult your Gynecologist at the earliest. Ultrasonography helps to confirm or rule out the possible reason. Yes, this is possible that it may go on its way.

input: I have a pinching in center of chest and my heart seems to stop then start please help i told my doctor this and he gave me x-ray ekg and stress test found nothing he tryed to give me depression pills told me i was having anxiety attacks but i am not imagining this
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Anxiety disorder is to be taken as the basic disorder. Chest pain could be due to the acid reflex created by the anxiety disorder, ensuing stress and of course, obsession. I suggest you to first consult a doctor and get your EKG taken to confirm everything is perfect with your heart health. Then a psychologist will be able to clear your anxiety disorder and thereby your chest pain. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Me and my girlfriend have had sex Atleast 5 days a week for last couple of months . Recently I have had a problem staying hard , and being able to ejaculate. Also, by the second round im able to stay hard but I m dmaller and takes way longer to ejaculate.
output: Hello, What you are experiencing is a normal physiological phenomenon and nothing to worry about this. As you are having sex 5 days in a week definitely the amount of semen production will be less that doesn't mean your sexual desire has come down. When ever you are trying for the second round of sex normally ejaculation will be delayed due to the sympathetic activity. As per the history you are not having any problem with regard to your sexual activity. Thank you.

input: My son , age 11 is getting medication zotral 25 mg in the morning every day for the depression . By the time he was given methylfenidate 2.5 mg for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. please advise me that can I give both tablet simultaneously as medications for minor child? is it dangerous?
output: You can give it mam.it is not dangerous.for ADHD u need to give both together.There are no problems in giving both together

input: I accidentally gave my 8 year old a double doze of amoxicillin for her ear infection (prescription- 5 ml 3 times a day; gave her by mistake 2 teaspoons under the impression this was 5 ml). I did this for the whole term of her treatment. I just realized. Should I be concerned? She weighs about 65 pounds
output: Hello, Nothing will happen, and no definite treatment is required. One time the over dosage of Amos does not cuss any problem. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: I have chest pain in the area of my sternum (radiating out just a bit), some extra saliva. 37yr old overweight female who does suffer depression & panic attacks. I took my sertraline & Prilosec about an hour ago. Should I be freaking out? (Which causes sharper pain)
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) is more. HERD is common in depression and panic disorder. Both of these cause laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms of Central chest pain. So proper treatment of depression and panic disorder is needed. So consult psychiatrist and get done counseling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. Start proton pump inhibitors. Avoid stress and tension. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food.  Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi Doctor,I am Am,ma from delhi,I have query regarding my brother,he is younger to me and his age is now 21.He is a mentally disabled person,where his thinking capacity matches to 15 years old kid,and his speech is not so clear and he is not interested in studies.Right now he is involved in my fathers business.Now my question is how we can make his carrier, because the business he is doing can not be maintained for longtime because it needs somebodys assistance,right now my father is assisting but what about future.We are worried about his carrierSo please guide us or suggest us the best suitable methods for my brother in making his carrier.
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor In that case, you have to appoint any of your relative for his look after. He would need assistance for rest of life and you people have to choose anyone on whom you can trust. You can plan all these under national trust act. Consult a lawyer and plan accordingly. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: I have a very severe allergy to latex. Today I ate guacamole for the first time and quickly developed a terrible stomachache. When I googled it I realized avacados are related to the latex plant. I took an alavert but the pain hasnt let up for 15 minutes. What should I do?
output: Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. I would agree that latex proteins and avocado proteins share some common antigens. So they can "cross-react" with each other.2. Were I treating you, I would suggest you to take an antacid like sanitizing in addition to slavery. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Wish you the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.

input: Hi, I found a lump in the right side of my neck a couple of weeks ago, I thought it was just muscle tension but recently my right eyelid has started drooping and I have a constant pain the right side of my back. Could these things be related and what could it be?
output: Hi your neck lump has no relation to eye lump. You jar mostly high BP and need to consult physician treatment hit thanks day.

input: Hello sir, My son ( 1 year 8 months) is suffering with fewer since 10 weeks, then admitted into hospital... At the time of joining CRP is 95 and ESR is 50.... After discharge we did blood test, the CRP is reduced to 1 and ESR incresed to 100... I don t know what could be the reason for incresing ESR level.. Could you please suggest me how to reduce the ESR level.
output: HiT hanks for writing to us.Don't worry about Esprit will go up even when recovering from illness.CRP is reduced - infection is settled. Anemia too can cause raised ESR, check his hemoglobin and deform finishing your child speedy recoveryRegards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I ve dislocated my shoulder exactly 13 months ago.I had to carry my hand for around 1 month in a white thing so it can repair. After that I was careful and for 6 months I ve done no sports only the exercises my physiotherapist gave. But still after 13 months when I do some exercise like for example some tennis I feel my muscles kind of burning and weird. I am afraid tht they are not healed well and that I must stop tennis or other sports. Maybe it s fear that blocks my muscles but not so sure. I would like to know what to do, does it need a surgury so I can be able to play tennis without these problems bothering me?
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. It seems that you have unstable shoulder causing frequent dislocations. You need MRI of shoulder to see the defect. Depending upon this surgery will be decided. Till then continue rest and physiotherapy exercises. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Sometimes I get a strange feeling in my chest and then it makes me cough.  It almost feels like my heart stops and then the cough gets it going again.  It does not happen a lot and does not seem at all predictable.  Also, it does not go on for a long time, just a couple of seconds.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Ideally ECG and 2d echo should be done done first in your case. If both are normal than no need to worry about heart diseases. It could be anxiety induced as well if everything else is normal. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: since last one month, twice a week in night i get some daane (seems like an allergic ones) in my whole body. many times i find my lips swell when i wake up in the morning. Still unable to find any reason behind this. Is it some sort or disorder that i am going through or an allergy that i have generated?
output: Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to know more about you like: a. do the skin lesions itch? b. How long do they last? c. do they respond to medicines? d. do you have any other allergies? e. do you have any digestive problems? f. do you have any other medical conditions? g. do you need to take any other Chat Doctor. At present, from your provided history, I would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. From your description, I would first think of urticaria (hives) & angioedema. However, please note that hives have itching. If you do not have itching, I would think of other conditions.2. I usually treat such patients with antihistamines like levocetirizine or cetirizine or HY

input: a couple weeks ago my entire left arm went numb i went tothe er and the xrays showed soe inflamation in the cervical vertebrea. a couple days later i noticed my left forarm was swollen and it has not returned to normal size. this entrie time i ve been having burning sensations in both arms, hands, and fingers as well.
output: Hello This appears to be the cervical radiculopathy. Need an MRI. When there is a change in the normal anatomical position of the bone of the vertebral column this may lead to disc compression and interim provided nerve root entrapment.  Using cervical collar, hot water fermentation will help stabilize the spine and reduce muscle inflammation. Post this static neck exercise, inter-scapular muscle strengthening exercises, shoulder stabilization exercises will help reduce the symptoms and get good outcome score. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: AGE 48. HEIGHT 55. WEIGHT APP 85KILO. I USED TO GO TO DOCTOR & OR PHYSICIAN AS AND WHEN FELT BACK PAIN SINCE JAN2009 OR EARLIER. PROVDE   ME EMAIL  ADDRESS TO SEND  U SCANNED COPY OF MRI REPORT DT 06.04.2011. AFTER MRI  & CT SCAN DOCTOR PRESCRIBED AKT 4 & PYRIDOXINE IP10 ON 18.04.2011 (STARTED  IMMEDIATELY)  FOR   SPINE TUBERCULOSIS / POTTS DISEASE TREATMENT WHICH WAS  CONFIRMED BY   CT GUIDED ASPIRATION. 18.04.2011, DR SUGGESTED STRICT BED REST 8WEEKS WHEN I WAS FACING PAIN OFF AND ON.      ON 11.06.2011.AGAIN TO REPEAT FOR 8 WEEKS & SITUATION STARTED DETERIORATING FROM WORSE TO NORMAL AND VICE VERSA.  I CAN  WALK AND STAND BUT CAN NOT SIT.  HOW MUCH TIME   /  BED REST  IS REQUIRED   TO RECOVER FROM ILLNESS SO THAT I MAY JOIN DUTY IN BANK.      MY TREATMENT IS RIGHT  /  SUFFICIENT  /  COMPLETE OR NOT.  I NEED DETAILED GUIDELINES COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECT FOR EARLY RECOVERY INCLUDING DIET CHART.
output: Dear patient you are diagnosed with spine tuberculosis for which AKT 4 is the recommended for a duration of 9 months as its bony tuberculosis. AKT 4 contains 4 Chat Doctor.  Isoniazid has peripheral neuropathy as side effect and to prevent it pyridoxine is given along with AKT 4. Also, you have to take 

input: Complicated question. I m a weekend warrior. I took a 10 mile or so hike 2 weeks ago, ended up in e-room dehyrdated, bp 140/99, creatin lvl 1.32, very lite headed. I was prescribed a low dose of lisinapril and had an alergic reaction. -- still today, my bp is 132/99, and i m still getting little spells of lite headedness (not room spinning) just feeling like i may pass out...........i m 40years old, 6 0, 238lb
output: Hi, Having lightheadedness with deny Chat Doctor.  As your creatinine is on the higher side chances of same is high. I suggest you 

input: I have been experiencing stomach cramps or a stomach ache after eating a meal. I have been on a brat diet and a bland diet. I only eat once a day. I had projectile vomiting after taking Gatorade with mitralax in preparation for a colonoscopy. Since then I am still only Able to eat once a day and I experience nausea with stomach cramps and a stomach ache. I don t get sick but I like I could.
output: HiT hanks for posting your query.  Your might be suffering from gastritis or gastric ulcer or pancreatitis. I advise you to get serum lipase test done and revert to me with reports.  Also avoid spicy food and non veg food.  Also, what was the finding in your colonoscopy report.

input: I had proton radiation therapy about 2 years ago and my psa has been dropping to.09. I now am experiencing blood in my urine and the passing of tissue. I had a test with a scope and my urologist noticed some inflamation or something on my bladder and I am scheduled for a biolpsy tomorrow. i understand that it may be inflamation or bladder cancer. Is this typical after radiation? What is the cure if it is scarring and what is the cure rate if it is cancer.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Scarring is more common after radiation than cancer. So for your symptoms, possibility of bladder scarring is more than bladder cancer. But biopsy is must differentiate between these two. So get done biopsy for the diagnosis. If it is scarring then treatment is available and your problem can be solved. But if it turned out to be malignant then you need to get done staging of the cancer. Future treatment will be decided on staging of the tumor only. Early stages of bladder cancer is having good prognosis with life expectancy of 6-7 years. End stage bladder cancer is having life expectancy of less than 2 years. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hello Sir, Yesterday I ate spicy food in the outside. From today morning i am feeling acidity problem. I remember last time doctor prescribed me Ulgel syrup, but I forgot when to take it whether after meal or before meal. Can you please let me know when to consume. Thanks, Mani.
output: Hi, Angel syrup is to be taken usually after meals. It mainly helps in relieving the symptoms of acidity and heart burns. It helps in neutralizing excess acid in the stomach. Besides, you should focus on your diet.  Chat Doctor.  Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Doctor, I recently observed a small open area in a family member s chest. I was told opening has been present since early childhood, (25 years of age now). Family member shared there has occasionally been drainage from the area, (foul order). What is possible cause of opening/drainage?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. You should immediately consult pulmonologist for your family member because possibility of emphysema necessities is high in this case. Emphysema necessities is chronic bacterial infection of pleura which is spreading to the overlying skin and cause discharging sinus. Your family member is also having discharge with foul smell, this suggests possibility of mixed (aerobic and anaerobic) infection more. Treatment of emphysema necessities is video assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS). In this infected pleura and pus is removed and sinus has been closed. Patient needs antibiotics for 1-2 months. So better to consult pulmonologist and discuss all these.

input: femoral artery angiography for recently diagnosed cerebral aneurysm - I am an asthmatic + COPD, have familial (treated) hypertension, osteopororis (Evista medication), hypothyroidism (following over treatment for Graves Disease in the 1980s). Also suffer with apnoea. I am 72 years old. My concerns are the asstma-COPD condition and the requirement to lie on myh back for 6 hours post-angiography. This is an impossibility for me. My hjusband is a retired evolutionary biologist and he also has concerns abouth the angiography.
output: Hi, The solution is simple.  After angiography, you can recline over an angulated bed at an angle of 60 degrees from floor. You can increase the angle until you feel comfortable. 100% Oxygen supplementation during that period will certainly help. Discuss these issues with your doctor, who will take care of your problem. All the best, and have a fast recovery.

input: Sometimes at night, while in bed I get involuntary shakes or spasms, mostly of the head & neck area. It seems to happen most often when I am stressed about one thing or another. If I get up and go read a book and get my mind off my problems, it seems to go away.
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor Involuntary movements are anxiety symptoms. Maybe you are tense due to some reason. There is nothing to worry about them. Better to do some relaxation exercise that JPMR that would help to keep anxiety in control and relax your body. In case, you need any medication, you can consult a psychiatrist for proper treatment. Thanks

input: I am a 38 yr old female, I have high cholesterol since I was a teenager, my 12 year old son also has it.   My concern is Id like to know if I can test for blocked arteries.  I dont have any symptons, however it is a worry on my mind, because my uncle died of a heart attact at 37, and my mother had quadauple bypass at 50.  Thank you
output: Yes u have a strong family history and risk factor so u should get baseline ECG and stress exercise test that will clarify. Keep close watch on symptoms like heaviness burning in chest esp on exertion and periodically check your cholesterol levels. Try to adapt healthy lifestyle, regular exercise, avoid other risk factors.

input: this is regarding for my wife, she is pregnant from past 35 days and have don tvs scanning, found that not yet grown and have chance of abortn, dr advised her to take complete rest and whether she can able to get pregnant without any problem? is there any problem in taking tvs scanning
output: History to hear of abortion. Transvaginal scanning is same as transabdominal scanning. But it has clear depiction of structures with magnified view.there are proven evidences that transvaginal scan is safe. Nothing to worry.don't keep any phobias. Thank you Best regardsVasundhara

input: I fell down in feb 2011 and I really messed up my back. I have had x-rays, bone scan and an MRI, the bone scan showed that there is an increased uptake in the l5 vertabrea on the left side and scoliosis in the right side of the l5. According to the pain specialist that I have been to see, I have a mild case of arthritis probably due to a slight fracture from when I fell that was not picked up on the original x-ray. I have been taking percoset since feb, and my doctor is now telling me that I am too dependent on the percoset and that I am too depressed and has prescribed me m-eslon 15mg morphine sulfate. My problem is that I am not depressed, just in pain everyday and I wanted to know if my doctor is providing me with the right medications because a lot of people have told me that the morphine pills are much stronger and more addictive than the percoset. Is this right?
output: Hi, Morphine is not advisable for pain in the spine until unless it's the postoperative pain after the surgery of the spine. In case you are having a severe spine pain due to osteoarthritis there are several other methods to treat the pain. Consult your nearest doctor for exact diagnosis and management. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: when should i call the dr. I am a new nurse? hi i have a question i will be starting to work on a medical surgical floor, but i am still not sure how often i call the dr for things. for example if i have a pt who is having abdominal pain , then vomits, then develps diarrhea should i call for all those things as they happen or wait. And labs i am confused about abnormal labs please help me.
output: You call when your gut feelings tell you, too!

input: Hi sir, I have problem of azoospermia recently I have find in semen test. I have atheletic body with no desease from nearly 20 years. I have no problem at the time of sex with semen volume of 4 to 5 ml. I am unable to understand the problem if everything is ok. Please give me some home remedy to solve my problem
output: Hello, Consult an infertility specialist and get evaluated. Autoimmune causes where there is self-destruction of sperm cells must be ruled out. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hi sirs,my father had met with an accident 1 month ago. the head was hurt. we got treatment from deep hosp. ludh. but no improvement at all. he is speakin but mund is upset. memory is half lost. we hv referred to come to ur hosp. plz advise us.thanksmanjit, distt-moga
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor, after a head injury treatment will start from first maintaining his airway, breathing and circulation.  The headache after injury is due to the increase in CSF pressure, so the next step will focus on maintaining the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pressure. So we use mannitol, and hypertonic saline is used. These reduce the CSF pressure.  While doing these things your father might have been investigated with ct brain which will tell you whether he has intracranial hemorrhages.  In your follow-up please tell us and upload his ct results which will be of more use in treatment plan.

input: My 7 year daughter had a cough & cold about a month ago. She had taken amoxicillin, prednisolone & robitussin as prescribed by the doctor. It took longer for her to be free from this cough w/ phlegm. After 3 weeks, she had again cough, but this time its dry, hard & w/ nose bleeding. What causes this and pls advise. Thanks.
output: Hello, The symptoms of your daughter seem to be related to an upper respiratory tract infection. I suggest using Dexometorphan for the cough. I also suggest to Chat Doctor.  If the symptoms continue a recommend the second cycle of antibiotics. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello, Perhaps you might be so kind to settle a bet. Here are the symptoms: 8 weeks ago, pins & needles sensations in left extremities. Fairly consistent throughout 5 days, although low grade. Most currently, difficulty breathing, constant; short shallow breaths after a minimum of phusical exertion (stairs); purple/violet color under fingernails at the cuticle area, not the front, pretty constant fever, hacking cough, quite difficutl to find a comfortable position for sleep. As close as possible to verticle is required. Your choices: A - some kind of pleuritic condition (although no pain when inhaling; none) B - a series of mini strokes 8 weeks ago making the distribution of oxygen difficult, or C - Thoracic Outlet syndrome, or, last, D - LPR syndrome. Many thanks!
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion you should first consult cardiologist and get done 1. ECG2. 2d echo to rule out cardiac cause for your symptoms. If both are negative then get done 1. Chest x ray2. PUT (pulmonary function test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection and PFT is needed to rule out bronchitis. So consult cardiologist and pulmonologist and first diagnose yourself, then start appropriate treatment.

input: What can I take in place of Naproxen or Ibuprofen for my knee pain? I had arthroscopic surgery in August and was taking Naproxen. Caused issues with my hearing. Now I can hear but sitting or walking for long periods of time make it painful to move afterward.
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorDear, I can understand your concern For your info, all medications have side effects , good or adverse. You can contact your doctor for right advice. Meanwhile, I suggest Homeopathic ARN ICA 30 /2 Chat Doctor. A level spoon of Turmeric powder in a cup of hot cows milk at bedtime serves as natural antibiotic and anti-inflammatory agent, helps get rid of pains & accelerate healing process . Hope this helps solve your query. Take care don't hesitate to get back if you have any further query.

input: i have been having chest pains for the past 2 months now and im only 17. i have been to the doctors 6 times. the first couple of times they said it was muscle pain but the tablets never worked. next time i went back he said it was deffenatly not my heart and that made me less worried because ive had panic attacks over this. i went again because i was scared and to calm me down he gave me an ecg test and it came back fine. they now think its due to worrying to much but i cant help but think different. it is not a bad pain, it is usually on the left side of my breat near my arm. sometimes on the right but hardly ever and sometimes theres a slight tingle in the middle of my chest. also i have little tingles in my hand and fingers and shooting pains. the pains everywhere mostly feel like shooting pains. please help me, im very scared.
output: Hi, This is Chat Doctor. Pain in chest due to heart disease is very rare at your age. Chest pain due to heart disease is non localized, squeezing type & increase on exertion. Still you need to do a 2D Echo for cardiac evaluation. Chest pain at your age can be simple muscle pain or Costco

input: Hello Sir, Amit here. Last year on june 2009 my mother went for a slip disc surgery(L5 & L6). but still she was not feeling well, she get pain oftenly (infact daily) that starts from her lower thies till lower portion of her knees (according to her it seems like paining a veins) and moreover the portion where the surgery held (Slip disk surgery stitches) that is also getting lot of pain.I really appreciate if you could give me any advice on this.Thank you very much.Regards,Amit
output: Dear patient What surgery was done, and spinal fixation was done or not? Were your symptoms improved after surgery or there was no improvement?  If your mothers symptoms remained same after surgery with no improvement it suggests surgery was not done properly. If symptoms improved after surgery for few years and now there is recurrence it can be 1. Disc prolapse at adjacent level 2.  Spinal instability.  This needs to be investigated with MRI of lumbosacral spine with screening of whole spine to confirm diagnosis. You need to consult expert spine surgeon with report.  All the best.

input: hello there,Just today I noticed that my gum both on upper and lower row of my teeth are turning almost black. What could be the possible. If this helps: I smoke regularly and drink as well. But I have never ever seen this before. What should I do?? Im worried
output: Hi ... This is called melanin pigmentation (dark color gingival) due to smoking. This is very womanly seen in chronic smoker. So I will suggest you to quit smoking habit. Smoking is injurious to health .it has bad effect on lungs gums and oral cavity. Initially you will find difficulty in avoiding smoking habit but by strong determination you can quit. I will advise you to contact nearby dentist. Hope you got your answer ...

input: me and my brother were wrestling around night before last and he dug his elbow into my chest-right between my breasts-i heard a crack or pop and now im having bad chest pains.i cant take deep breaths, sneeze, lean up, laugh, or put my arms behind my back or over my head without the pain worsening.do i need to see a doctor?
output: Hello, It seems to be muscular strain injury. For that, you can take rest and nonsteroid anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  A hot compress can apply for soothing. Avoid movement that causing pain. A chest x-ray is done to rule out any underlying fracture rib if present. Consult a physician for examination. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I am african american women and had my hair relaxed and colored the same time. However, this happened about 3 weeks ago. Now about 2 weeks ago I discovered itching and scabs on one side of my head along with some puss. Now the rash is along side my face. Is there an OTC product that I can use?
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor You can try to clean the area with a mild antiseptic cleanser, this can be done twice daily. The use of topical antibiotics would also be recommended. It is possible that the infection may not respond to this topical regimen, and you may need to see your doctor so that oral antibiotics can be started. I hope this helps

input: small lumps have been suddenly forming on one leg, on the shin and near the ankle. no sign of varicose veins... there is a burning sensation, I suspect nerves. I m a klutz, and have too many injuries to remember. last was a badly sprained ankle that didn t mend well
output: Hi, Dear thanks for the query to Chat Doctor virtual clinic. I studied your query in full details updated from you. I understood your health concerns. Based on your query data, In my opinion, Dear You seem to suffer from Varsity of the Short Saphenous Vein with multiple bumpy swellings on shin/ankle on one leg. Burning pain sensation is due to rural neuropathy due to pressure from engorged Varicose Lumps and stretch of the surrounding soft tissue. Multiple injuries could only expedite the basic defect of Varicose Veins in your case, but should not be directly correlated to cause the burning swellings on shin and near ankles. So your suspicion is wrong and could be confirmed by second opinion to evaluate your case clinically. Color Doppler study would confirm this. For this treatment GP and Surgeon and Vascular Surgeon team would be needed to treat your case. Hope this reply would help you to evaluate your case and treat it with your doctors in time to come. Hope this would resolve your query and worry and Anxiety accompanied by it. Welcome for any further query in this regard to ME. I would love to help you out.Awaiting any further query. Wish you fast recovery from this intriguing health problem. Have a Good Day. Chat Doctor. N.M.S. Genl-CVTS -Senior Surgical Consultant

input: A friend has been diagnosed with throat cancer, an small tumor has been removed...I don t know the area of the larynx involved. My question is: would it be normal not to follow up with chemo or radiation? Also, his hands have been red, swollen and the nails have been looking like a fungal infection... could this be a side effect of the cancer and indicating it is still there?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Treatment of any cancer depend on its staging. And for staging we need to know exact size of the lesion, lymph nodes involved or not and Metastases to distal organs present or not. So in your friends' case we need to get done CT neck and PET scan to know the exacts tagging. And usually chemotherapy and radiotherapy is needed to prevent local recurrence and distal metastases.  So better to consult oncologist and start treatment.

input: I used the shower head to shoot water up into my vigina kinda like doushing. And I swear to god I felt ALOT of air go up at one point and now I have a weird feeling/ pressure all around my belly button area. Is it possible by doing this I caused a air embolism and if so what should I do!?
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. There is a possibility that the feeling might be due to some kind of inflammation/infection in the pelvic organs which could have been started by the act of yours. If I were your doctor, I would advise you for a routine and microscopic urine test followed by a culture sensitivity of the urine if need be and treat the same accordingly. Before jumping onto any other investigation, I would go for a general physical examination of yours with special attention to your lower abdomen, a gynecological check-up if thought necessary, and an ultrasound of abdomen at the end. Till then, I would advise you to go for an anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: Hi my name is john i am 26 years old i have big sight on my both eyes. i used to do masturbation for almost 7 years i definitely knew that the masturbation caused for my sight problem becuse most of the time after i do masturbation my eye getting more difficult to see well and something white thing coverd my eyes for two days.now i stopped doing it a year before but my eyes still have sight.my question is Is there any medication for this problem? if so please tell me the name of the medicine. thankyou so much for your help
output: Hello. I have reviewed your query and here is my advice. I do not understand what kind of eye problem you are mentioning here. But masturbation do not directly cause any eye related problems. Hope I have answered your query. You can contact me for treatment options. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I was sleeping and upon waking discovered I have three bug bites. The first bite is below my right eye. It started out all red and a little puffy, it is now still red and more puffy. The area inside my mouth feels a little numb, almost like novacaine . The other two spots look like very large mosquito bites, also red, swollen and hard to the touch. Note: this happened at 3:00am in car at a rest stop in dunnigan California today.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I went through the history you have provided here. It seems from the history that you had three bug bites while sleeping. The treatment for the insect bites is by use of anti-allergic Chat Doctor.  If there is pain you need to take analgesic 

input: My Wife was having fever since last Friday July 15, 2011. For which we have consulted a physician on Monday July17, 2011. He advised us for the CVC and SGPT test in which there came low count of WBC-3850 and platelets-150000 while high count of SGPT-46. From Tuesday onward he had started Ofloxacin and some medicine for lever swelling. We again went for the same test yesterday itself on July 21, 2011 for the CVC and SGPT, this time the reports said that WBC-7590, Platelets-118000 and SGPT-84. There is no fever from the last three days but she is feeling abdominal pain and weakness. The Dr. has given  but still unable to tell us the exact reason but he is saying that it could be dengue. Please advice us in this regard.Thanks
output: Welcome, no need of antibiotic(ofloxacin), all symptoms are in favor of dengue fever, do not worry, take good hygienic diet, boiled or mineral water, easily digested, light food, get blood test for C B C, PLATELET COUNT, SGPT repeatedly. Normal platelet count is 1,5 lack to 4.5 lack. Advised admission to hospital in case of bleeding, take care.

input: I am having a pain that is starting in my dorsal back part after and it start getting bad it goes to my shoulders neck and hands, until this are become very stiff and painful. this situation is lasting for couple of weeks, I will be released from this pain for a while and the same is happening again. My MRI of December 2013, showed a central discosteophyte complex identing the thecal sac and a minimal OA degenerative changes.
output: Thanksi understand your problematic is brachiomyelopathy/ bilateral cervical nerve root compression due to osteophyte. Osteophyte may case central or paracentral nucleus pulposus herniation in spinal cord continue analgesic and steroid depot may help some last option is surgical decompression

input: I have a lump on left side of neck , recently getting bigger. I felt around and have smaller one on right side, sort of where the vein would be. I know, I have been having teeth problems because can afford dental any longer and feel sick a lot from that, and sometimes feel like heart is effected by this. I have been getting sicker and sicker lately, but the flu cold has been going around that is quite bad, but lump was there before, now today, noticed a lot bigger. Im a little worried maybe health issues from teeth and then getting sick on top of that, but keep telling people for months feel like someone that would be dying. But just letting it go. Im so beautiful and love my looks but feeling so sick and lump on neck is actually hurting a little tonight, what could this be??
output: Hello there... Problems associated with teeth, nose and sinus (infections arising from them) would Chat Doctor. ...these get enlarged and become painful....there are swellings seen in neck as a result of an abscessed lower tooth-the infection spreads down to the neck and manifests in the form of swelling...swelling in each part of the neck has its own significance. Clinical examination is mandatory. If teeth related consult an Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeon. Otherwise, you can consult an ENT surgeon for further management.

input: i am 27 year old i done my HSG last week its (HSG reports shows that UTREUS :Normal, FALLOPIAN TUBES:Normal In Caliber .FREE PERITONEL SPILL OF CONTRAST:Bilateral spill is noted IMPRESSION: Normal study ) What does it indicate ? and I got married May 20th 2011 its completed 1year 9 month but till now no issues..no pregnancy, pls explain
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, You must understand that HSG is done to find out patency of Fallopian tubes which is necessary for pregnancy to occur this is good that your tubes are patent. The cause for not able to conceive may be other than tubal block there are many causes of failure to conceive. You should consult infertility expert Gynecologist and undergo tests for both the partner as many times there may be problem with the semen analysis of male partner. Complete examination and hormone tests like thyroid function and prolactin with TORCH, and other test will find out the cause. If every thing is fine then follicular study with proper ovulation and proper counselling it is possible to be successful in getting pregnant.Nowadays assisted reproductive is very advance and with good success so do not worry be positive. Take care Good Luck.

input: I have been taking monopril fosinopril (name brand) 2 @20mg for 15 years no problem(I have 3 70% blockages in LCA and have triple vessel heart disease diagnosed in feb 2007/was implanted with taxus drug eluting stent...I have been taking 2@75mg metropolol since as well as 75 mg plavix, 2 @20mg monopril fosinopril , 2.5-5.mg of diabeta, 10 mg lipitor, 2 81 mg aspirin as well as 1-2 @1mg ativan sublingual ever since...my condition for most part stable..no further hospitizations.however in November of 2013 when I was told monopril discontinued (I was given 100 pills and told that was it) I developed high b/p/ with angina pains, was able to control with my remaining monopril fosinopirl & nitro/ativan....I was then told by pharmcist the only replacement pill available was mylan fosinopril, the first few days taking this was fine, then #1, I begin experiencing sever stomach pains...4-10th day, then I took two of my 20mg ea monopril fosinopril..b /p returned to normal...coversyl name brand was recommended as a result...the last few nights when taking mylan fosinopril it is like I am taking very little medication (chemical) my b/p in the am are 140=155/61/65 prior when on monopril my b/p am were always between 98/50+ (low end) to no higher than 118/55 always except when having an issue...now the pms are 180/69+ pm  to 155/64 a.m. ....this has never happened before  /last night and the night before I took (as prescribed the w mylan fosinopril 20mg x2 + 3 2 2,g as[orom )tp ;pwer [ressire///om ttje mext morning my readings were 1152/64?????? It is like I am taking no fosonopril at all?????....I suspectr with the ativan it would be much higher
output: BP changes can occur with time even on the same Chat Doctor.  To delve into the causes of HBP but to control. Any time high BP will cause angina due to increased O2 demand. There are so many 

input: I have pain behind my knee and slight swelling.  It has been there for over 2 months and I am not real athletic or have not done anything to pull a muscle.  My father and I have a history of cysts in our calf.  Do you think this could be a bakers cyst?
output: Dear patient there is enough possibility of popliteal cyst or bakers cyst. Diagnosis a be confirmed by ultrasound of knee and popliteal fossa. If cyst is small nothing needs to be done. If large it can be removed by open or arthroscopic techniques. Popliteal cyst may be associated with intra-articular pathology and MRI of the knee is advisable to rule out it.

input: I have a 13 year old son. Had pink eye, broke out in rash on face. Dr took him off of drops, now has rash on legs, arms, stomach and back. They r tiny red bumps that itch. However on his face it only turns red like he has been burned. What do I do? They have put him on steroids and I gave him Benadryl about 1 hour ago
output: Hi....by what you quote it looks like acute urticaria Or eczema. His treatment is going in the right direction. Steroids and Ben Chat Doctor.  It will take 3-4 days for complete resolution. You need not worry. But if he developed joint pains, pain in tummy or blood in stools you need to get back to the doctor. Regards - 

input: my wife always want to wash hands, face and leg if you touch anything, always swiping on floor, if some body comes from outside complete floor to be washed, if you ask her , she is saying that dust is alergy for her by mentally not phscicaly , please suggest which spaecialist to consult
output: Hi Ekambaram,Welcome to ChatDoctor.She needs consultation from a psychiatrist.

input: I am a 43 year old female with a history of recurrant UTI s and kidney infections. I have recently treated a urinary tract infection several times and still have problems. I am nauseated, fatigued, unable to gain weight and my urine smells like hot dogs and it hurts to pee. Both my parents are diabetics and I may be there. I have decreased the amount of protein in my diet, increased water intake and take a cranberry supplement. What else can I do? I have no job or health insurance.
output: Hello and welcome to ChatDoctorI have read your query hope this will helpRecurrent UTI is a common problem especially in females. You should have a URINE culture sensitivity test and ABDOMINAL ULTRASOUND. As your parents are diabetic you should be investigated for diabetes. As diabetes is commonly associated with recurrent UTI.Meanwhile, keep on using cranberry juice and once reports are available to discuss with your physician to prescribe you appropriate antibiotic according to the C/S report for at least 2 weeks. I hope I have answered your queryRegards Chat Doctor. 

input: My brother has renal calculi and has just had a stent put in.He has told me that for months now he has had a dizzy sensation in his head,he has body shakes and breaks out in cold sweats.He used to drink a lot of beer,but has now cut down.What could be wrong with him?
output: In my opinion there is a urinary tract infection due to presence of stent. In my patients I usually keep stents not more than 3 months. I think your brother should consult urologist for stent removal advice and urine lab test.

input: i just got over an upper respiratory infection.  When I was done my antibiotics and was feeling fairly good I went out to do a couple of errands.  I was ver tird that evening.  I woke up during the night and took my temperature.  It was slightly under 95 degrees.  I took it a few minutes later and it was a little over 95 degrees F.  It seems it goes down when I am in bed and then goes up during the day to normal.  When it goes down sometimes I get dizzy.  I called doctors ofc and spoke to the physician asst and she wasnt concerned about the low temp.  She thought the dizziness could be vertigo.  I am worried and I dont want to bother them over the weekend.  What are your thoughts on this.  I read that if an individual has hypothermia and their temp goes below 95 degrees the organs can shut down.  Would this be true for what I am experiencing?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, such low temperature is nothing to worry because without the obvious clinical sign this could be functional, at the most this could be due to low water intake and take care for this, hope this information helps, have a nice day.

input: Hello Dr I did my IUI yesterday, and iam intaking the progynova tablets during last 4 days, they suggest me to take this tablets after i did the scanning, they found that my endometrial thickness is not sufficient. But i want to Know is it necessary to take those tablets after did the IUI?
output: HIT hanks for writing. I understand your concern. Since your endometrial thickness is not good it would be better to take progynova to build up the endometrium.  The chance of conception increases if the endometrium is good. Hope I have answered your query. Good day.

input: my son is 13months old he is having fever with cough and chest congession since 20 days all test shows bacterial infection paeditrician gave fever at night. him gentamycin antibiotic and salbutamol cough syrup as soon as his antibiotic course is over he again had fever and chronic cough especially
output: Hi, How many days he was on antibiotics? Was it gentamicin alone, or any other antibiotics given together? Gentamicin alone is not a good choice for treating chest infection in child Chat Doctor.  For sever cases, I used to add a penicillin group of 

input: My husband started having shortness of breath last August.  Around the same time he had a vitamin D deficiency.  Our doctor immediately sent him to a cardiologist who did a stress test.  He found nothing to be wrong.  This continued and we went to see a lung specialist who did a CT scan. Found nothing to be wrong. At the same time my husband started to lose some of his taste. That got worse and at the present time he asks me to smell  his skin.  I did and I do detect a slight smell. It is not familiar.  My husband says he smells a horrible smell coming from inside him.  We did see an ENT who found nothing wrong.  We went to an endocrinologist and eventually a parathyroid was removed.  Prior to that he was so fatigued he could hardly get into bed. After the surgery he wasnt as fatigued but still he not getting better.  Since August he has lost around 35 lbs. We went to a neurologist who took extensive tests including an MRI. He saw some evidence of Myasthenia Gravis. When he gave him Mestonon, my husband was going to the bathroom alot and had a crampy stomach. He did not feel better and the medication was stopped.  We tested for poisoning. Results are negative.  We dont know where to turn because all the scans come back negative and the blood only showed the hyperparathroid.  Im desparate for help.
output: Hello According to the history you provide probably the allergies should be evaluated too in such conditions. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: i hve polycystic ovaries dr prescribed cetapin xr , natyl. I HAD 3 ABORTIONS &hve no kid. I have thyroid & high bp .  I am 33 yrs old weighing 69kg.I am undergoing infertility treatment.It is possible that i will be able to preagnant and bear a healthy child
output: Hi, you can get pregnant and have a healthy baby. Do a APA profile as you had 3 abortions. You can take some medicines like camphene for the growth of your eggs. Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when your follicles is more than 17 mm you can take injection for rupturing the follicles. Be in contact with your husband for next 2 to 3 days. Take progesterone and aspirin for next 2 weeks. Talk to your doctor regarding this. Do a pregnancy test after that. Continue thyroid and BP medicines. Hope I have answered your question.  If you have any other query I will be happy to help. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 36, female, 190 lbs. I am otherwise extreemly healthy, my mother is a diagnosed manic depressive, does not take meds. I am a naturalist at heart.... torn between the two worlds. I have been both anorexic and a cutter in the past.No surgeries, broken bones, occasional high bloodbressure.
output: DearWelcome to Chat Doctor understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I sincerely opine that whatever is right for you, is right for you. Unless otherwise proved. Be happy with your way of thinking. Always think that you are right unless otherwise proved. This method gives us belief and belief based self-confidence. Not necessary that you should also be troubled with manic episodes. Treat anorexia with psychotherapy which do not use medicines. Consult a psychotherapist. If you still need my help, please describe the whole problem in detail and post a direct question to me. I shall definitely help you with psychotherapy techniques to overcome your problems. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: i am 50 yrs old female diagnosed with lynch syndrome .,most of the girls in the family have brca2 ,i have had bladder cancer since 36yrs old & then diagnosed with colon cancer t 42 which apparently had a cpl of tumors which was also in the lining so i went for the breast check & it hasnt changed so good for now  am going back in for colon & bladder  eshopheguos...but was told i cant take the hormone replacement & that i need to take my ovaries out .i had a hysrectomy but crashed in the op so i still have them ..is there any safe hormone replacement & i also have lupus.
output: Hello It seems that you have had surgery for uterus i.e. hysterectomy is done, but you have the ovaries still present now basically if you are told to be Lynch Syn Chat Doctor. 

input: Hey, my name is Alexis I m 18 years old I have a serious question Me and me ex boyfriend had unprotected sex two times in one night he came in me both times I was getting really worried if I got pregnant I have a 32 day cycle my last period was on Dec,25,10 I just looked up my fertile window it said I m fertile on the 9-14 we did it on the 7th my cervix wasn t open then but do u think it could have gotten in anyway.....I woke up yesterday morning with a crazy feeling like I was bleeding but when I checked it was a white creamy substance could have I gotten pregnant?? Help I m really worried and when could I take a test
output: Dear Alexis you had unprotected sex on 7th day of period. As you mentioned that your fertile period is 9-14 days. So don't worry about pregnancy. Regarding white discharge it can be due to many reasons. If a girl comes to my clinic with similar complain I would assure her not to worry as there are very, very fewer chances of pregnancy. White discharge I would treat it if she has any symptoms otherwise not hope now you are tension free. Feel free to ask Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi. I am 23.. I finished my under graduation from Med school three months back when I got diagnosed with tuberculous lymphadenitis, tuberculous pleural effusion and pericardial effusion. I am on akt4 since more than months. Since the last three weeks I ve been suffering from very severe pain in my feet below the medial malleoli. The same site on both sites is tender and slightly swollen. My uric acid levels are raised and I ve been taking Febuoxstat for it since three weeks. There is no improvement in the pain. I am not able to even walk properly. Should I be concerned ??
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  Your have gout problem. In that level of uric acid is increased, and its crystals are deposited in joint and causes joint pain.  You are taking Eurostat it is uric acid lowering Chat Doctor.  It takes time to receive pain. You can take anti-inflammatory plus analgesic 

input: Hi, I just read my medical records to find that I have stage 2 CKD. I am suffering from multi-level spinal conditions with pain and wondered why my primary care physician did not make me aware. I found out by accident . Is stage 2 something that my doctor is not concerned with?
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, i can understand your concern.CKD is a term used to denote, level of kidney function. Stages are defined from 1-5. Stage 1 CKD, is mildly reduced kidney function. So you've slightly reduced kidney function. These are measured by blood test called creatinine, and urine albumin test. By stage 3-4, one is referred to a Nephrologist, for further treatment. If you've any other doubt, you can send them as a direct question to me. Chat Doctor.  Manga.

input: Hi, I was holding the lease on a big dog and he pulled me into a wooden fence and it caused me to have this heaviness and very bad aching in both my legs. I tried Gabapentin for a couple of years and it bloated me. I have nothing for them now. Can you help me? Carolyn Baylies Thankyou for reading this Doctor
output: Hi Carolyn, Your symptoms are heaviness and aching in both legs which means you have pains along both thighs and legs. It's important to know if you also have numbness and any altered sensation in the legs and feet. If so then your problem is from the back a badly strained back with pains going down or even a prolapsed disc. If Gabapentin is not helping you please stop and take short courses of a celecoxib with muscle relaxant combination. Therapy in a heated pool will be good for you. Good luck and hope you get better soon

input: Hello.  I seem to be sore at the top of my femur on both sides ,I am fine standing but sitting or lying in bed its very sore , sometimes when I get up after sitting it seems like it locks up , I have been to physio and he told me it was a mussel thats protects the bone? it think thats what he was meaning , he said it quite common in women in there 50s. just wondering if I should get an xray ?
output: Yes, I would definitely recommend x-ray of both hips to rule out arthritis. Your Physio is also right. Muscle strengthening exercises will give better support to the joint and relieve pain--regards

input: Should they tell him he is going to die in a few days? It is about a friend s husband, he needs a heart transplant and his kidney failed , he s been on a dialysis machine since 6 weeks but the docs are saying that his heart can t take it anymore. They will stop the treatment tomorrow and they will let him sleap away.....The family is afraid to tell him anything , do you think they should let him know ? He is asking if he is going be home for Christmas......
output: Two years ago my mum was admitted to hospital, she had 5 years earlier suffered a brain hem and survived. She had a very enlarged stomach which the Chat Doctor.  After two weeks they decided to 

input: I have upper aches in my right arm and shoulder that sometimes radiates to the back shoulder area. Seems much worse at night,hard to sleep on that side,it even sometimes aches on the inner arm in that area. Had a few winters ago in both arms but not this bad.
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of you.a thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As the pain is radiating in nature a thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised along with MRI of cervical spine. Also, getting a thorough musculoskeletal assessment will help understand the spasm and weaknesses. Also, undergoing physical therapy will help improve the strength in the muscles and improve the muscle elasticity to avoid recurrent pain and aches. In my clinical practice, patients with sucChatDoctorplaints gets a thorough clinical assessment and MRI. Recommended physical therapy to such patients will help them improve on an overall condition and functional ability. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I have had a learning disability ever since I was a toddler. I also believe, I have ADD. I am a very mellow (very low blood pressure) person. I do stress out a lot when I struggle to learn. But I keep it private. I do not want to go through a battery of tests. I would like to take a drug to help me to relax. I do not have any addictions. I do suffer from severe insomnia. Any suggestions for me? I am currently not taking any meds. I am a 55 yr. old female. I would like to be able to have better focus on what I am doing or learning as I mature. Thanks for any advice.
output: DearWelcome to Chat Doctor understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Self diagnosis is dangerous. You should undergo the psychometric tests of assessment. What if your worries about ADD and learning difficulties are just an illusion?. What if you were just imagining them and acting as if you actually have them? That is where you have to be careful. Please visit a clinical psychologist and get yourself assessed and be peaceful and get treatment if the problems exist. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: hi,iam 25yr old.i have been trying to conceive for last 2yrs. I successfully conceived in march after taking siphene 100mg and evadiol for 3 months.But misscarried in 9th week. Now again I am taking siphene 100mg from my 2nd day. on 14th day of period i did ovulation test and i got positive result but not concieved..So, is it possible that i can get pregnant?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Since you have conceived earlier also, the chances of your conception are there. Please do not worry. You need to try again in next cycle. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: Hi my age is 52 years and some day ago my front tooth turning light black shade. But i have no pain. What is the cause of this. I have no any problem im my teeth. But first time a black light color appers on my tooth. Kindly tell me the reason. Some people said my liver cannot make blood properly . It is possible ? Kindly tell me detail am soo much worry. God bless you
output: Hello, Thanks for posting your query. The black stains on teeth may be due to-Improper oral hygiene maintenance. Tobacco /pan chewing. Medications administered. I would suggest you to get scaling done. Discontinue use of tobacco/pan if practicing. Discontinue or get your medicines replaced if causing stains. Brush your teeth daily. Maintain oral hygiene well. Take care.

input: My son has been throwing up stool and sometimes blood,and he feels his gallbladder fill up and then he knows he s going to throw up is it his gallbladder??? He has had GI tests from down and up and nothing is showing up,please help me with this question,thank you
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He may have some bleeding in gastrointestinal tract. It may be due to parasitic infection, ulcer, polyp or cancer. He should go for peripheral smear examination and GI endoscopy. Find the exact cause and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I have left back pain. I have had it for 3 months and getting worse. Worse when I get up in the morning or lay down at night. But lately I feel it throughout the day. At time the pain is sharp. The np I saw felt it was a muscle strain but did no testing
output: Dear patient Pain in left side felt throughout the day is most likely muscular pain. Since it is for 3 months Bony pathology also needs to be ruled out. I would like to advise X-ray of lumbosacral spine anteroposterior and lateral views. Please get it done from radiology center nearby you. Meanwhile start tab moral 4 mg twice a day with tab attract twice a day for 5 days. If X-ray report is abnormal please consult orthopedic surgeon nearby your area. Avoid forward bending and weight lifting.

input: we were told our child may have abdominal migraines- both of this parents have regular migraines( headaches) and strong family history of headache migraines on both maternal and paternal sides.  One family member ( adult) has abdominal migraines.  Our child has what appears to be very strong episodes of nausea that can last for as long as six hours but usually around 1 to two hours.  nausea is in waves.  He gets extremely pale and says his cheeks feel numb and then sometimes his hands and arms do as well.. this can last as long as nausea sometimes.. I thought the tingling sensations might be panic related ( panics when the nausea is very bad) but GI doc said tingling should not last that long with panic.  He also has dark circles often with these and more recently has complained of back bothering him when he has these episodes.  He has had stomach cramping for two months now as well as the nausea but nausea is getting more severe... he had upper and lower scoping done and has been recently diagnosed with acid reflux for which he is taking 40 mg of prilosec in capsule form ( capsules poured out).  He has also been prescribed ondansetron for nausea ( which does not always seem real effective) also just started him on amitriptyline ( 10mg) just started last night.  had been hesitant to start him on the amitriptyline as the GI specialist said that with as severe and as long-lived as the nausea seemed, he wondered if it was maybe abdominal migraines and that the nausea would not be that long lasting with reflux alone.   So, my thought was if it was abdominal migraines, I wanted to monitor what he had eaten the days the nausea has been really bad.  The common thread I found for each day was caffeine and he loves iced  tea.  He has had six episodes of severe nausea, tingling etc in the last two weeks..... all lasting at least an hour if not more... He also urinates a lot and when he has these episodes and sometimes says he feels dizzy.  My main question is, if he continues to take the amitriptyline, is it then going to be difficult to diagnose him with abdominal migraines ( GI doc said if it is abdominal migraine, that is the med a Neurologist would prescribe).  Can reflux cause abdominal migraines or make them worse?    Looking back over the last couple months when this first started... he has been pale a lot ( looks sick)... we were pediatrician several times and were not to see specialist until next week but when he started losing weight specialist saw us sooner.  Son had difficulty eating at times the past couple of months due to feeling so nauseated and became thinner. and thinner.. trying to get him some relief he is absolutely miserable when he has these episodes.  Having nausea with headache migraines, I know how severe nausea can be... he does not cope with it well at all.  I take something at onset of headache migraines and feel good within a half hour... this is not happening for him...I really dont want him on meds for a long time but since migraines are so strong in our family, I am concerned this may be the case.  Do kids usually grow  out of these if it is abdominal migraine?  Could it be related to his hormones? He is 10 .  Concerned about side effects of med.... maybe things will subside when reflux clears up?  Thanks so much for any help you can provide!!!   Heartfelt thanks!!
output: With such presentations in my clinic, I would prescribe Comparison 1 tablet 3 times after 15 min before meals. It is gold standard for acid reflux. Kindly follow Partners diet 1, don't give him ice or other tea, it will increase acidity, avoid chocolate and cheese, it can cause migraine also. Begin to take flax seeds(boil 1 tbs in 2 glasses of water, take 1/2 glass before meal twice a day). Give him yogurts, probiotics(Similar), it will decrease nausea and increase appetite. For headache migraines you can use 1 tablet of Diclofenac and 1 tablet of Risperidone.  Hope this helps

input: I am having unusual side effects to a new med. sore muscles and joints, tender and sore fingertips. a feeling of needles in knee joints and shoulders. I ve been advised that these symptoms don t relate to med. side effects. what else cause this unwell feelings?
output: Hi, Thank you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As mentioned, medicines do not give a side effect of soreness or joint pains, medicines give symptoms like - nausea, skin rashes, constipation, etc. Now, coming to your musculoskeletal problems, you have tender and sore fingertips, feeling of needles in knee and shoulder, you need a thorough musculoskeletal assessment.These reactions could be due to some other factors like soft tissue pathology or a nerve pathology, which post assessment can be understood better. Also, performing regular exercises will help to improve the metabolism and immune system. Once, the root cause of the problem is identified the proper measures of treatment planning will be taken. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: I am very light headed and dizzy, specially when I read , I am on Crestor and wonder if this med. can cause this. I had a spell one night of a severe headache and very dizzy, they took a MRI and I have a Schwannoma , very small and non cancerous close to my ear, nothing wrong with my ears just deaf more on the side where the Schwannoma in on . I have no ringing in the ears, and when I turn around in bed no dizziness just when I read it stays with me for about 40 minutes. So looking for a cure. Now I had cataract they were removed 3 years ago, now my eye docter says I have a dirty lense, so waiting for a Eye Surgeon, could this be theGen problem??? Please give your option, just now just writing to you I am very lightheaded and dizzy. Thanks for your opinion , this is really bothering me.
output: I read your question carefully, and I understand your concern. Regarding Creator I would say no, that Chat Doctor. As for the Schwann, while it is a benign tumor, if big enough it can cause dizziness, it seems to have affected your hearing, so I would not exclude a contribution of it to your condition. However since it is a small one doesn't explain all your symptoms. Coming to the eye issue, given the fact that the symptoms surface when you read it could well be the cause. It can cause headache and dizziness due to the strain on the eyes and the muscle tension it leads to. So it must be consulted with the eye surgeon. I hope to have been of help.

input: hi i have a stomach pain i feel like something is in it. and at the left side of my stomach is hard like something is there. the pain is also in my ribs and my feet are getting biger.please help me with the answers thanks.
output: You will have to get yourself examined by a Qualified Doctor as soon as possible as it may be a solid swelling or a Cyst which is compressing on your Leg veins causing leg swelling. The Physical examination has to be done to arrive at the proper diagnosis, the sooner, the better.

input: For about a week or I cant open my mouth very wide without it hurting. Troublesome to eat. Simuntaneously, when I open my mouth,about half an inch or so in front of my ear, it bulges out, like bone or something. This doesnt occur in my right jaw. Im 68.
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concern.... As her your complaint it seems that you have a DISLOCATED JAW JOINT [TEMPOROMANDIBULAR JOINT DISLOCATION] leading to painful movement and bulging of the articulating portion of mandibular bone in front of the ear, and it can occur due to trauma, opening the mouth too wide for multiple reasons. You should consult an Oral Physician and get evaluated and get an ORTHOPANTOMOGRAM [OPG] done so that the exact status of the jaw joint can be evaluated and treatment can be planned. You can be referred to an ORAL SURGEON who can manually re-locate your jaw into the anatomical position but in case if it is not successful you may need a surgery for re-locating your jaw. Hope this information helps. If you find the answer helpful please give me a Five-Star Review and click on found the answer helpful as a token of appreciation. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. .

input: I have had a problem where there s is a hard lump on my buttocks. It is quite painful and recently there grew pimples that cause immense pain. Pain killers don t help and anti bacterial cream doesn t seem to help either. There has even been blood near the pimples. What might it be?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some perianal abscess.  It is very painful condition.  You should go for examination.  If needed go for incision and Chat Doctor.  It will help to evacuate pus.  Then you should take complete course of antibiotics. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: i HAVE UGLY BLACK LEGS & ARMS. hOW DO i LIGHTEN UP? i AM FAIR SKINNED OTHERWISE
output: Hello! My dear, whatever may happen never refer to yourself as ugly. Beauty is a perception... and It's not always external.... ! Dark color of your arms and legs could be due to harmful effects of Sun. First and foremost always apply sunscreen. The right method of application is that apply liberally, 10 - 15 min before stepping out into the sun and re apply after 2-3 hours. A broad spectrum sunscreen such as Uncross aqua gel will be good and non-sticky for a tropical climate. For lightening, you can try creams such as Bolivia but considering it is a large body part it is usually not continent to apply creams. You can opt for Chemical peels such as Glycol or TCA peels, for which your cosmetologist can guide you. At home, you can try a mix of gram flour(began) with milk, apply like a paste keep for 5 min and wash it off, you can do this 2-3 times a week and follow it with a moisturizing lotion. Let me know the progress. Take Care Best Chat Doctor. 

input: I went to my doctor several weeks ago for severe knee pain...back of the knee. He gave me some obscure diagnosis without even looking at my knee, just moved it around. It s not any better and now I have ankle swelling on the same leg. The ankle doesn t hurt, but I m concerned.
output: Dear User, What is your age? How did the pain start? Did you get injured? What was the diagnosis given? Ankle swelling with knee pain is usually after trauma if any. Otherwise, ankle swelling may have some other separate cause. Which medicines were advised to you?

input: Numbness in left foot with tingling. The other day my left leg gave out on me after I had been standing still for a few minutes. I do have back problems, ie. spinal stenosis, osteoarthritis, compressed lumbar vertebra, etc. Worried about the leg giving out and when I tried to walk afterwards, walked like I was shambling...or not really feeling the ground.
output: Hi there, Tingling, numbness and the feeling of leg giving away is an indicator of sensorimotor neuropathy which can occur due to a nerve root compression. You need to get an MRI of the spine done to rule out the same. Thank you.

input: 6 months ago Hurt my neck, a day later fainted with the pain.  Out and no pulse for a while.  Vomited. Hospital for a few hours then sent home.  Since then have had momentary sensations of light headedness.  Tiring more easily than usual.  Some breathlessness with increased activity.  Slight momentary sensation of pins & needles in fingers.  Just not feeling as alert and active as usual.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Your Complaints1. Hurt Neck2. Fainted with Pain3. Sensations of Light Headedness4. Tiring more easily than usual 5. Breathlessness 6. Momentary Sensation of Pins and Needles are suggestive of Cervical Myelopathy You need to Consult a neurosurgeon in person for further evaluation Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask

input: My husband has a large bulge in his groin area, he does have an appointment with his Internist next Fridsy. He just told me about it today. He has been having diarrhea for a few days too. He says it sort ofgoes down when he soaks in a warm tub of water.
output: Hello Dear Warm welcome to Chat Doctor I have evaluated your query for your husband thoroughly:* This is most likely to be possible hernia in the groin.* Needs confirmation with clinical examination for further management guidelines. Hope this clears your doubt Wishing him fine recovery Welcome for any further assistance Take Care Regards

input: Sir,My father has blood clot in brain he is about 61 years old . he is suffering  with paining with hand and leg and when he is speaking some what different than before. please suggest us , i cant spend more money, Please give your suggestion to survive him.Even though last doctor  can cure with medicine. How much correct i dont know.Iam very serious particular about that
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Based on description, it seems to be a brain stroke. We need to continue physiotherapy to improve his chances of recovery. Medications are needed to prevent stroke, such as aspirin and statins. For pain relief, we may use pregabalin capsules. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. 

input: my daughter would like to get braces put in her teeth as her teeth are not aligned. The cost in pvt dental for putting braces are high. Is it done through CGHS? Or is any CGHS dental Hospital in Mumbai providing treatment of braces for correction of teeth?
output: There are Government and BMC Dental colleges and hospitals for cost considerations. CGHS hospitals are available in Mumbai however dental specialities are not a part of it. You can also try at some trusts which offer orthodontic specialty, e.g. Hindusabha trust in ghatkopar just outside fly STN.

input: My husband has 3 dark purple veins on his scrotem and what appears to be a spot by one of them. They have been there quite a while and sometimes are uncomfortable but not painful. The spot is on the left side and gets caught in his underwear and can occasionally feel achey. Should we be worried.
output: HelloThanks for query. Based on your statement I would say that your husband has three prominent superficial veins on scrotal sac, These are dilated, prominent superficial veins over scrotal skin and nothing to be worried about it . He should use soft inner wares or soft pads over scrotal sac before putting on inner wares. These are harmless and there is nothing to be worried about it. Chat Doctor. 

input: My 2 1/2 yr. old daughter is crying and rubbing her vagina. She wont let me put desitin on her. I think she might have a yeast infection. This only happens at night. Is it safe to put an antibiotic cream inside her vagina? What can I do to ease her pain?
output: Hi madam, welcome to Chat Doctor, I understand your problem, madam u can use clotrimazole or micanazole ointment to her, and use one antibiotic syrup also, like heritage CV syrup 5ml twice a day after food, hope u satisfy with my answer, thank u

input: My 2 1/2 year old fell yesterday and hit her head on concert. There was an instant bump popped up on her head. She acted completely normal after a few minutes. She went to sleep about 2 hours later me and my husband woke her up two times throughout the night. But today she is napping more and has diarrhea is this normal or what should I do?
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Although the diarrhea is not related to the head injury, napping more in a child of this age is difficult to judge or rule out to be due to the injury. If I were your doctor, I would have advised you to keep a close watch on her level of consciousness to see if she is responding normally to your routine talks with her, and if she is moving her limbs normally, and has not got any vomiting. The bump on her head is due to collection of blood by the injury, and will subside gradually. In case of any change in the level of consciousness of hers to your commands, and any increase in the bump on the head, I would advise you to take her to the ER room of the nearest hospital, where they would examine her closely and if considered necessary might go for some investigations like a CT scan to rule out any concealed head injury. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: sir i m 26/m.from india. i am suffering from jauindice for last one year. i m feeling pain (mild) in liver . im taking silymarin tds , liv 52 on prescription of my phisician . my bilrubin is 1.8, sgpt 47, sgot 55, alk.phosphate 80 australian antigen negative today. all readings are decreased by above mentioned medicine but from past 3 months sgpt is still 47 please suggest what to do??
output: Hi, Shiv,Thanks for query. Sgot ans Sept is on higher side, it shows that there is some liver necrotic process is going on. Go for ultrasound of liver to have conclusion of liver condition. Avoid alcohol, fat, fried and junk food. Ok and bye.

input: My doctor gave me AcipHex for reflux. After about 4 days of taking it, my b/p has gotten down at times to 85/57. I know it s down because I start to feel cold, then check my b/p and confirm it s low. I bordered on high before. I m pretty sure I am having gall bladder problems due to the pain in my side, and it is better since I ve cut fat almost completely out of my diet. Is my gall bladder causing the low b/p, or the AcipHex?
output: Cipher (omeprazole) may cause hypotension. But it's usually associated with hypersensitivity reactions that includes symptoms like facial puffiness, difficulty in breathing and others. If these symptoms are absent, then It's highly unlikely that omeprazole could be causing hypotension. And regarding the gall bladder, not much information is mentioned so that we can comment on it. I would recommend a consultation with your gastroenterologist for that. Hope the above information helps. Thanks.

input: 36 year old male. Hours after ejaculation I have brown particles in my urine. I have seen a urologist and had a CT scan and an x-ray and they found nothing, went back for a cystoctomy to scope the inside of my bladder and found nothing unusual. I did find out after the x-ray and CT scan that I only have one kidney; I never knew that. I have no abdominal or back pain, nor do I have pain during urination, I only know that something came out when I look into the toilet. I called my urologist after this happened again, I acquired a sample to bring in, they told me its probably a blood clot and not to worry about it and not to bring in the sample. I also have a hydrocele/vericocele on my right spermatic chord.
output: HelloThanks for query. Based on your statement that you have posted the brown particle that you have passed in urine hours after ejaculating is likely to be a blood clot mixed with urine which gets turned up into brown color. In the majority of cases this blood clots originates from a small superficial surface of prostate and gets sealed off itself immediately that causes a tiny blood clot to appear either in semen or urine passes after ejaculation. Since this is single episode and all the tests like C. T scan, X-ray and Cystoscopy did not reveal any pathological lesion you should not worry about it. If you have pain or discomfort due to Varicocele that you have on Rt side use scrotal support. This will prevent sagging of testicles and give relief from pain or discomfort. Chat Doctor. 

input: My 2 year old son has been waking up every night for 8 weeks sweating shaking and then vomiting, he has had 2 lots of antibiotics from the gp, bloods taken 2 weeks ago at the hospital that came back normal, just low infection and anaemia, he was sent back today by the gp to the hospital, and they have told me he has swollen lympth glands under the armpits and groin, they have taken blood again and a urine sample, then sent up home again, and are going to phone me friday with the blood result, he has vomitied again tonight within half an hour of going to slepp, and is fine in the day time, only vomiting every night, but with night sweats and shaking so much that his teeth chatter, i am still none the wiser after seeing the hospital again today and have been searching for answers as i have to wait yet again for blood results on friday, any help would be greatly appreciated, thankyou sharon.
output: Dear mother I am sorry to told you that you must confirm that your child don't suffering from TB or any malignancy by the near hospital and I wish nothing serious for your child

input: Hello, my name is Nikhil Malhotra and i am 23 yrs old as of now. My height is 5.9 . Little concerned about whether it would be possible to increase my height by 2 - 3 inches using any of the natural means or any of the ayurved or homeopatChatDoctoredicines. Ans, if possible, would these be medicines having any side effects at present or in the future..??
output: Dear NikhilAfter gaining the age of 18 years the growing points in bones fuse to get converted into bones, thereby stopping the process of growth. So in your case it may not be feasible to add height with medicines. Yes with a lot of exercise you may feel marginal increase, even this has remote possibility. I believe 5-9 is a good height.

input: I want to share with you about the problem of my sister. She is 30, Neuro Patent. couple of years, she had a minor worm in her mind. take regulary Valprin Chromo 500 mg two times, Phenobarbitone 90 mg at night. She is almost ok. but the problem is she dont listen of family members. awake the whole night, sleeps at day 8 - 4 pm. Negative things about some family members, always keeps doubts, etc. Watch TV alot. Behaves Lazy. Where should i take consultation by Psychologist or Psychiatrist.  Kindly reply,Aditya BhargavaMb. 0000
output: Hi, From the information you have provided, your sister was found to have a parasitic infection in her brain for which she was put on sodium valproate 1gm and phenobarbital 90 mg. She maintained well till recently, and there has been a change in her behavior and her sleep pattern apart from having doubts regarding her family. Any sudden change in behavior, sleep pattern, symptoms of auspiciousness or changes in personal care etc. may be signs of a mental illness, and she may need medications for the current symptoms and hence it would be good to take her to a psychiatrist for an evaluation and treatment. Hope this helps, Chat Doctor. 

input: I got diagnoised with a UTI two weeks ago.. I have had a sore back for over a year and I think I have had a UTI all this time.. I am on Cipro 500mg.. I just ran out and they ordered more.. I have pain going into both of my legs and ouch moving pains on both sides of my back?? When should I go to ER? What are warning signs and what could be causing all this...
output: Dear patient Back pain with UTI may be due to pelvic inflammatory disease which is inflammation of pelvic organs. But since u out have pain going into both legs' possibility of disc prolapse or canal stenosis is more likely and seems a different condition from UTI.  Are there any difficulties in walking or tingling and numbness in both the legs? If yes then it also points towards canal stenosis.  You need to be investigated with MRI of lumbosacral spine with screening of whole spine as it gives detail information of discs, nerves and even bone. Visit radiology center nearby you and get it done. Visit spine surgeon with report.  Meanwhile, start tab diclofenac plus thiocolchicoside combination twice a day for pain relief plus tab vita B12 plus pregabalin 75 mg at bedtime for 10 days.  Also get examined and search for the cause of recurrent UTI.

input: While on a dialisys treatment I started to cramp in my toes and asked that the removal of fluid be stopped. After about 20 min. my calf muscle cramped up so quick and hard, I felt a sharp pop severe pain. I could not walk very far. Did I rupture or tear the upper part of the muscle.?
output: Hi, Leg cramps are a common and usually harmless condition where the muscles in your leg suddenly become tight and painful. It usually occurs in the calf muscles and in most cases there is no obvious cause of it If it happens sporadically then there is no need for any treatment or tests. But if this is common and affect your daily routine then some measures should be taken. In some cases, there may be predisposing conditions such can be seen in pregnancy, after exercise and certain types of medication, such as statins or in liver disease. The best way to manage this is to stretch your muscles regularly. In some cases, magnesium or calcium supplements may help Have enough fluids and avoid long sitting, regulate body mass. In cases of progression or if there is no improvement, you need to see doctor, to rule out some naturopathies or vascular disorders which are much less common but should be considered if there is no improvement on these measures that I have mentioned. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, i have jyst recently noticed a few lumps in my inner thighs around my groin area. There are two on each side, one big one small. They are painless and not really moveable. Im not sure how long they have been there. They seem to be more or less symmetrical. When i place my finger on it and apply some pressure i can feel a strong pulse. I dont know whether its my recent taking to baseball that includes a lot of hip rotation have anything to do with it. I just want to know if i should be worried and if i need to get it checked.
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorThese are mostly lymph nodes which are enlarged due to infection and since large vessels run just bellow it, it gives transmitted pulsations. Other possibility is lump of vessel. For exact because you should see a surgeon. Regards

input: I have weird bumps on the back if my tounge there is also a layer of white crap on my tounge too it looks like its all cracked and its worriesome also my teeth / gums hurt horribly may be connected also may not i brush and rinse my mouth atleast once a day any theories??
output: Hello, Welcome Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, you should brush daily use mouthwash and use tongue cleaner daily, poor oral hygiene can be the only reason for your problem bad oral hygiene can also cause painful gums and toothache, maintain proper oral hygiene.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...Hi,I am 24 yrs old,5.6 tall, 190 lbs, I have to things with my penis one is my urethrogenital orifice is not on the penis head point,it is ventral on the penis body right before the peniss cap ,I was porn like that and I never had problems with it physiologically but i want to know what is the possible side effects in all aspects? Will I have to seek surgical fixation?second I wasnt not circumsiced , What is the proper advice when it comes to sex.Thank you
output: Hi, Very difficult to comment without seeing directly or pictures. If it is just at the tip below then nothing should be done. If the skin can be retracted completely during erection nothing to be done. Get a direct check-up with a urologist.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.  Radhakrishnan. Nair, ORGAN

input: Hi I have ruptures C5/C6/7 and I have been told spinal fusion is my only option...... I also have L1-S5 herniated. My tri muscle was reattached after I got side swiped. Because I am just now 40 I want to wait as long as I can before back fusion.I have read A LOT of legitimate literature, not the drug pushing sites, that oral Anavar would strengthen everything and allow me to when myself off these damn opiates. Your advice would be well received.yours,Ridge
output: Hello, Spinal fusion will be the best option. You can also opt for techniques like steroid injection for symptomatic relief. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My baby is 16 month old. She was diagnosed pharyngitis caused by bacteria. Today is her second day of antibiotic treatment. (She is taking Pen-Vee K 125mg/5ml 1tsp 4 times daily) And she is still running low grade fever like about 37.7. Is it ok and how long could the fever occur? Thanks!
output: Yes it is ok, for fever try acetaminophen or ibuprofen every 6 hours. In 2- 3 days the symptoms will resolve but YOY have to complete the antibiotic course as prescribed by your doctor

input: 1. symptoms now: shortness of breath, fatigue, weakness, reduced ability to do anything, bluish color to palms, veins more prominent throughout body, chest pressure, chest pain (pinching feeling) on right side, headaches, numbness of hands, feeling cold.DOCTORS DID A CHEST X-TRAY AND ECG ON MONDAY. SAID EVERYTHING LOOKS NORMAL. THEYRE TRYING TO PASS IT OFF AS STRESS OR ANXIETY/PANIC ATTACK... I THINK THERES ANOTHER REASON(S). 2. 1 yr ago to now: itchy reddish rash that comes and goes many times during the day or sometimes once a day. appears as a cluster of bumps, scratches or wales. lasts for a few minutes at a time. happens whenever I lean against any hard surface, or if pressure is applied to the skin (bracelets, watches, testing pressure etc.)3. electric shock in spine.THANK YOU!!!
output: The first problem sounds like a congestive cardiac failure. Now where the EKG is normal, the possibility is that the echocardiography may show some changes. So I will suggest an echocardiography.2. Pressure sores and redness are common, one need not worry too much about it. However, if you can upload an image of the lesion, we can help you better by looking at the lesion3. Spine pain and trauma may often cause similar symptoms. I will suggest the test of MRI of the affected part of the spine. Let us know the reports, so we can help you further Best of luck Chat Doctor. 

input: My husband continue to have real low blood pressure after dialysis and has a bad cough.  He is a heart patient but he doesnt take his Coreg on the day he goes to Dialysis. He bottoms out and he is drinking 1.1/2 liters of water per day so there is no dehydration.
output: HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI can understand this problem, the low blood pressure can not be itself, there certain obvious causes for this and that has to be treated accordingly, fist thing this should be confirmed, in your husbands' case hypokalemic status could because and chances of some oozing or leaking of blood is likely, in short underlying cause of hypotension need to be treated, hope this information helps you have good day.

input: Hello Doctor, I just noticed in my nose a pinkish lump on the right side. if i push from outside to inside about half way up nose, i feel difficulty in breathing, left same test easy to breath. Is it a blood vessel problem? My age is 58 years, non smoker, only social drinker. height about 5ft 10 inches.
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some skin adnexal tumor or tumor arising from nose like potato tumor.  You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I just got my tooth extracted 3 days ago. I am taking painkillers and antibiotics for it. But after a day I experienced diarrhea . I have observed that there is some weird liquid coming out from the portion where my teeth is extracted. Please help me Doc. I want to know what is the problem with me and what I will do to e well. Here is my email: YYYY@YYYY Thanks
output: Hi there, Most likely you could be having antibiotic associated diarrhea. Antibiotics sometimes mess with the normal good bacteria that exists in our intestines and cause diarrhea. You could take VINYL (lactic acid bacillus), one capsule 2 times a day. This might help bring down the diarrhea. Preferably take the medications after food unless your doctor has specified that it has to be taken before food. The liquid discharge should come down in another 2-3 days, once the course of antibiotics gets over. In case it is persisting after 3 days, please visit your dentist. Rely Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, Thank you for taking the time to answer my question if possible. My name is Jordan I am a 22 yr, old female. I have always had abdominal problems my whole life and 8/24/2011 I was told I had pancreatitis in an emergency room, I have ruled out basically everything that causes pancreatitis. My lipase isnt always high when it is bad. I have a terrible family history from multiple forms of cancer to gallbladder and kidney stones to heart problems. My life has gone down hill dramatically the past year. I cant do anything anymore, I have zero energy, just the wieght of holding my body up is unbearable. I constantly cant eat or sleep becuase im either to nausious or in to much pain. BUT recently this past week i have only slept for probaly 10 hours within the past 7 days and eaten almost nothing, My pain is so severe and sharp that I cant walk and it will stop me right in my tracks where ever I am. My pain is constant but gets worse everyday, Over these past 7 days I have noticed the pain in my back has gotten so severe that just laying on my body is literally impossible and I noticed my back was really sore to the touch and I looked at it in the mirror and noticed it was a small bruise starting and it was very itchy. Since then the bruise has gotten worse and the itching has become worse. I have constant chest pain as well so this makes my breathing even more labored and painfull. I am just getting very scared becuase this is happening so fast. At this moment right now I cant even walk at all, moving anything in my torso is the worst pain I have ever felt, I have learned to deal with horrible pain on a daily basis but this is new and to much, I know my body and I know something very bad is happening. Please i will answer any questions and any advice you can give me would be greatly appreciated, Thank you for reading this. Have a good night. -Jordan (female/22)
output: Hi Jordan. Thanks for talking to me via ChatDoctorPancreatitis is a serious condition, and you should not take it lightly. You really need to be seen by a doctor and examined properly to rule out any acute or chronic complications of the disease.

input: Hi, my name s Allie. I m 16 year old and recently went to the doctors to recieve birth control . The pills prescribed to me are called Generess Fe, and the doctor gave me those because since I m petite (only 95 pounds) she thought a higher dosage would cause me nausea & Bad side effects. Since I ve started the pill about 5 days ago, it s giving me bad nausea, even though I take it before bed. When I waleup I can t even move or I feel like I ll throw up. Will this side effect end? And if so, how long will it take to go away? I really hate being sick & there s no signs of my nausea going away:(
output: Hello Allie, I am Kathy - a nutritionist- and I may be able to help you with thisNausea is a common side effect with iron supplements. There are other iron supplements that are gentler on the stomach, and you may want to discuss this with your doctor. I am assuming you are on iron because your iron is low. You can increase your iron naturally by eating high iron foods such as raises, spinach, molasses and, if you eat meat, red meat is high in iron. Eating a source of high vitamin C along with your iron will increase the amount of iron you absorb, so fruit, vegetables are naturally high in C as is vitamin C enriched juices. Iron should always be taken with food. From what it sounds like, you are not eating with it. Try taking it in the am with food (but not dairy or high fiber foods) and include a source of vitamin C with your iron supplement. Food does decrease absorption, but if the iron is making you nauseous, eat and/or ask to be switched to a gentler form of iron. In summary, take iron in am with food low in fiber and a source of vitamin C. Check with your doctor about these problems and see if there is a gentler form of iron you can take. Increase your iron in your blood naturally by including high iron foods. High iron foods should be combined with a source of vitamin C. Have a Great Day!

input: Hello, my 2 and a half year old daughter has had vomitting and diarrhea for a week and a half. I took her to doctor and he said it was probably food poisoning. For some odd reason, began to only throw up very early morning til yesterday. Then two mornings ago my younger daughter threw up and hasnt since. I started to not feel good yesterday morning. Now I have same symptoms as my daughter. Vomitting and diarrhea that is very watery yellow.
output: Hi, It seems that as you all have same symptoms of having gastrointestinal infection, there might be having food poisoning due to taken contaminated food. Consult your doctor and go for treatment of this infection of all. Take light food like curd, rice, buttermilk. Take plenty of water and ORS liquid. Ok and take care.

input: Hi there. I don t use meth but I have in the past and suffered various acne issues. Currently however, I tried using legal stimulants and energy drinks to help me stay up for a new overnights job. (mistake!!) About four days ago I had a minor issue where I picked at an area directly between my eyes, on the bridge of my nose. If it helps any, essentially i thought at the time I was popping, individually, a cluster of zits and I probably pursued this to the point where I was squeezing hair follicles or my pores or something, but obviously the surface of my skin was scraped off in that small area before I came to my senses. The resulting wound is about the size of a iris of an eyeball and you can see little bumps which I assume are my pores exposed. Well, I am in the food service industry and this resulting strange type of wound is awkward and it s likely grossing people out. I realize not using the stimulants is the cure and that s completed but i d like to know what non-prescription medications or ways to treat this are most effective or also maybe common things people try but ends up making it worse- for example over-washing with harsh soaps or the traditional picking. One last thing, each day when after I shower if i even run a towel over the spot, the scab-type tissue which has softened up in the water will completely and painlessly wipe off, leaving it looking much much better. But since it four days later I m thinking that every time i do that I m simply starting all over again. But i tell ya, the scab on this particular thing gets ridiculous looking and so its very tempting to use the towel to smooth it back out. Please help and thanks!
output: Hi try guard or eurozone ointment for early healing. Stop picking at the scab.u r delaying the heading process. Thnx

input: I went to an abortion clinic and took a pill in the clinic yesterday. I was given 4 pills to insert vaginally....Im now having second thoughts! Can I just not take the vaginal pills and continue with my pregnancy or is it to late? The pill I took was Mifeprex 200 mg..
output: Hi dear, I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. Mifepristone is known to have adverse effects on the fetus, and one is not advised to continue the pregnancy after its consumption. However, if you want to continue the pregnancy, you should get a detailed anomaly ultrasound at18-20 weeks to rule out any congenital anomalies. Hope you found the answer helpful. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a hard lump above my navel, and severe stomach cramps the lump moved reminded me of a babies limbs movement inside as I could see it move I had bowel movement after this but was in a lot of pain, I had been eating a lo the previous couple of days!
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for medical and physical examination. Based from your description, it could be a cyst (a sebaceous or a gelatinous type), a fibrous or a lipoma. These lesions can occur anywhere in the body and have the tendency to recur.  Management (medical and surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,I am a 35 yr old male and i was diagnosed with pericarditis resulting from a viral infection in aug 2009. I was then placed on an NSAID, naproxen 250mg twice daily which sorted out the problem. However, the pericarditis has re-ocurred about 7 times in the past one year and as a result, i am constantly on naproxen 500mg twice daily. I need to know if this medication is doing my body any harm and also, if i can continue exercising by playing squash. Also, i need to know if there is a permanent cure for the condition and if it can lead to more harmful situations like stroke?
output: Hello, You should stay at bed rest as long as you are ill. NSAID is the first choice for pericarditis treatment but when it happens more times (seven times), I would go with another treatment like corticosteroids. There is nothing to do with stroke. You should see your cardiologist for changes in treatment and echocardiography evaluation. You should take rest. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: my son 19 years old  diagnosed with typhoid  with s typhi  "O) +ve 1:160 dil , s typhi "H" +ve 1:160 , S.P.Typ: "AH" negative  1:20 dil and S.P.typ: 1:20 dil "BH" neg  today: has been advised to have zenflox plus(OFLOXACIN and CEFIXINE) , PAININ( ACECLOSENAC), PAN D and a to z ( vitamin) and Unienzme . kindly advise re diet and precautions . vegetarian diet .thanks and regards
output: Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Diet needs a close attention while treating typhoid fever as it may relapse, if not taken care of. Generally during fever, a bland diet, which is smooth and soothing, is preferred. Care should be taken while cooking food and also choosing foods that are easy to digest. Fluids in the form of tender coconut water, barley water, electrolyte fortified water, fresh fruit juice, vegetable soup, buttermilk and water can be given. Begin with semi-solid diet for a few days and then gradually include fruits like bananas, watermelons, grapes and peaches. As the appetite gets better, semi-solid to solid foods can be given. Boiled rice, baked potato, baked apple, yogurt, vegetable soup can be given. Gradually, by 3 to 4 weeks, normal diet can be restored. The following foods to be avoided:1. High fiber foods like whole grain cereals and their products like oatmeal, whole wheat bread and raw vegetables in the form of salads2. Vegetables like cabbage, capsicum and turnip as these can cause bloating and gas.3. Oily foods, spices and seasoning like pepper, cayenne and chili powder to prevent aggravation of inflammation of digestive tract. Hope the information provided would be helpful. All the best.

input: I got braces when I was 17,They took out 4 teeth and fixed me with permanent braces for 2 years. However 4 years later I am 22 and my teeth are still crooked.It takes a toll on my confidence and I get conscious about wearing braces. I cannot afford invisalign as it is too costly. The only options that I think I have are lingual braces or veneers ,wheat should I do?
output: Did you achieve the treatment objective and the teeth got crooked. If so, retention was not followed. On the other hand if the treatment objective which was explained to you has not been accomplished, then you need to talk to your doctor if any third molar eruption might have taken place or any abnormal habits that might be stopping the achievement of the treatment objectives

input: Last night while sleeping my 12 year old daughter was struck with dizziness, blurred vision, ringing in her ears, nausea and a rise in body temperature. After a few minutes of relaxing on a cool floor the symptoms disappeared. She is fine this morning. Any ideas???
output: No definite diagnosis could be reached from the given information alone. If their no significant past history regarding any neurological disorder, a single episode like this is most likely an episode of a kind of bad Chat Doctor.  Talk with her whether she is suffering from any tension or anxiety recently. If these episodes occur repeatedly give pivotal 2.5 at night for 2 weeks and see the result.

input: hi. i got married in apr 2012. i m tring to conceive. i consult a doctor she gave foligel d h a and she gave me a five tab in each a day and advice to do follicular study. three months i done follicular and each time she said the follicle are good. the day 11th my follicle size is 17*11mm , endo is 8mm. but i didn t conceive. it ruputure at 15 th day. from the 17th day she gave me microgext . she told i need to some home . what does it mean? why i didn t conceive,?
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Even if good size follicles are forming, the chances of conception per cycle are between 25-30%. You need to have patience. You will conceive on trying again. Furthermore, you can take the help of LH surge kits to detect the ovulation and then have regular intercourse accordingly. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: My friend was receiving chemo during stage 4 of breast cancer. Living with her son, they were instructed to not get pregnant. His wife found out that she was already pregnant. His mother died 6 wks before their baby was born. Living in denial, they had him tested 4 months ago & he is 3 yrs old with autism. Is this a direct result of living with a chemo patient during pregnancy?
output: The exact cause of autism is not known, but research has pointed to several factors: genetics (heredity); metabolic or neurological factors, certain types of infections, and problems occurring at birth. In your child, environmental factors may also play a role. Studies of scientists have found abnormalities in several regions of the brain, which suggest that autism results from a disruption of early brain development while still developing in the mothers' womb. Other autism theories suggest:- immune theory -antibodies that attack the brains, causing autism.- abnormalities in brain structures cause autistic behave- abnormal timing of the growth of their brains.  I want to propose you 1 thing-check his blood for It B6,B12, Folic acid, homocystein. I had positive results with treatment child Chat Doctor. 

input: I was diagnosed with bronchitis on December 7, 2016. My doctor put me on antibiotics but I was still coughing up green chunks of phlegm. I went to a walk in clinic last week of January 15, 2017. Finished another set of antibiotics Wednesday. I am stick coughing but not as bad. I still cough up chunks of green phlegm. I am hoarse from coughing so much and can t talk loud cause I strained my voice from coughing. Now trying to get over a severe upper repository infection. The Doctor said my lungs sound good but I have been experiencing mild chest pains while I cough. What should I do now?
output: HIF you were my patient I would add to your treatment some aerosols and mucositis for the sputum and the voice. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: when i comb or move the hand through head, i atleast get 5 to 6 hairs in my hand. I was not like this before. I had been on medication for TB before 2 months. I have a very good hair. There are a lot of gaps on scalp, basically the density is gone down. I am 30 years old now. I am really feeling bad and worried about this kind of fall. If i just touch they are falling off. Please get me a best solution. I use pantene Hair fall shampoo daily. i am about to get married in 2 to 3 months
output: Hello, I have gone through your query and would recommend you to apply Coliseum on the scalp twice daily and take hair supplements like tablet Collinear once daily for 3 months. This will stop hair fall.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, my age is 33 years and i am single. My height is 5 2 and weight is 52kgs. Have suffered from TB in childhood, had jaundice in the last 1 year and have got hyper-pigmentation scars on both my arms since 5 years. Couple of months back, i got fresh eruptions on my hands and these have again resulted in dark black spots. Please help me to get rid of these scars.
output: Hi, thanks for query. In the skin there are cells that produce a chemical called melanin, and they are responsible for our skin color. At times due to some infection or otherwise these cells produces more amount of melanin and results in dark spots. Please see a dermatologist who will give some cream to make them light.bye.

input: Iam 31 years old married person, twice in a week i will do sex with my wife but white liquidity not releasing, some time i will do with my hands work in that time it will get leak, if i do foreplay also  i will get very pain for that  penis head skin need be remove. kindly answer. YYYY@YYYY
output: DearWe understand your concernsI went through your details. A  ChatDoctor.  

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...My wife is a 8 year cancer survivor. Her most recent PET Scan showed a suspicious area near her pectoral muscle region which lit up on the PET Scan. She has 1 small cluster 3.4cm. How can this be determined if this is cancer or not? What would the treatment options be if it was confirmed to be cancer? Can it be surgically removed?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. There are many signs and symptoms of cancer depending on the organ involved. In your wife there is a bright spot in the pectoral region therefore for it to be a cancer it should have grown aggressively over last 6 months with or without development of pain and. Most cancer appears like a lump in the chest and will be fixed to the chest wall. If it is bright on PET scan then it is not confirmed to be a cancer and biopsy is to be done to confirm it. There are other acute and chronic inflammatory conditions which might cause bright area on PET scan. PET scan is a technique by which the glucose metabolism is studied. Cancer cells and non cancer inflammatory cells might be seen on PET scan. It is suggested that in a 3.4 cm area the doctor does a CT guided biopsy and then the diagnosis is confirmed. If confirmed to be cancer then surgery is possible. Please do not worry.

input: Hello. I am a woman 27 years old. 125 lbs and 5 foot 7. I have been taking Zoloft 100mg per day for about 3 months now & just started on Sertraline 50mg one a day for about 4 days now. I noticed about a 4 months ago my heart would beat really hard one beat like every 10 sec (i was just standing at the park when it happened) . It was almost to the point of being painful. This happens every now and then. I noticed it happens mostly when I lay down for bed. When it happens I get really worried & scared. But im afraid im overreacting. Every time I get my pulse & bp taken, it comes back perfect. Any thoughts?
output: Hello, Zoloft and sertraline does not have any role in heart rate. You can go for a serial ECG is required to rule out any cardiac arrhythmia. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: Hello doctor, My 3 year old daughter has been having fever ranging from 101.2-103.7 since friday. I took her to the doctor and they founf nothing wrong with her. she has also been vomiting. The doctor said is a virus but i feel is gone on for roo long. What should I do?
output: Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Your child has fever and vomiting, this could be due acute gastroenteritis or food poisoning. In my opinion, you should give syrup of lox (5ml =50 mg) 5 ml three times a day for 3 days, paracetamol syrup for fever and syrup risperidone 4 ml for vomiting. If child develops loose stools, then you should also start ORS solution regularly. Review back after 2 days. I hope this will help you. Take care. Regards: Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 28 years male good helth i fell pain in chest near heart from last 1 year its comes when i am laying down for bed at night
output: Hi. Gastritis with reflux symptoms can also cause pain similar to primordial chest pain. I have been diagnosed with these. But not before taking an ECG and cardiac evaluation. It makes sense. It is better that a cardiac pain is ruled out... Hence, I would suggest you to get a cardiac evaluation done too, just to be on the safer side...

input: I have been having an intermittent pain in my upper left chest about five inches above my nipple and approximately an inch or two to the left of it. Is this a sign of something? It has been off and on for about the last three days, occurring every 20-30 seconds
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Left sided chest pain must be evaluated for cardiac cause first. So better to get done ECG and 2d echo. If both are normal then no need to worry about heart disease. Musculoskeletal pain can also be the reason. So avoid heavyweight lifting, strenuous exercise and movements causing pain. Start painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Apply warm water pad on affected site. Don't worry, you will be alright. First rule out cardiac pain in your case. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hi  my brother daughter passes stool in pale yellow when we done tests it has shown high levels of bilirubin  doctors suggested to go for a hida scan baby is 5 months old hida scan says that it is suggesting biliary artesia noe they have suggested a liver biopsy we have done it we are waiting for the result.metabolicreports are normal plz suggest me
output: Thank you for consulting Chat Doctor I'm sorry to hear about the condition of your brothers baby. Biliary amnesia means the normal passage of bile from liver is impaired. The bile gives the normal color to the stool hence the stool is pale. The bile which cannot pass into the intestines get absorbed into blood and causes bilirubin level to rise. The liver biopsy study is done to rule out any pathological conditions affecting liver proper. The treatment of biliary amnesia is mainly surgical. Surgical correction method is decided by the level of amnesia. Please revert with further details like the complete HIDE scan report for commenting further on the mode of surgery required. Thank you.

input: Symptoms have been ongoing since November. Copious amount of phlegm , persistent phlegmy cough day and night ...so can not sleep at night. Constantly gag on phlegm. Primary Dr, diagnosed it as allergies and over course of months prescribed many kind of cough and allergy med in the books. Nothing helps, Dr says lungs clear and no infection. No fever. At point I .WOULD like to see a specialist.......what specialist should I see at this juncture?
output: Hey there, Would suggest you to show any good pulmonologist. Go for chest X-Ray and CT thorax. You will get some diagnosis from there. It might bronchitis or Bronchiectasis

input: hi, im 22 female my weight is 45, height 54 my kidney is enlarge(big) on two side of the kidney the symptoms i have is feeling likevomitting, breast pain, itching in kidney and have some disturbance in urinating and my body is restless i did not met any doctor this problem was happen last week and i dont know how it happens i was feared and tensed of this problem im very scared to see the doctor please help me doctorsuggest me the solution
output: Hii have understood your concern. As the history given by you, you have1.HY Chat Doctor. Uremic symptoms probabilities of your problems are1.urinary tact infection with spread to both kidneys2.urethral stricture with back pressure on kidneys3.bilateral stones you needs to be evaluated definitely.I can suggest you to get1.urine routine and culture2.USG of abdomen and KUB3.serum creatinine and serum electolytestreatment suggestion1.tab. Lanol ER 650 mg twice daily tab.Balzac 0.5 mg once a day depending upon reports you need further treatment. Get beck to me with reports. Hope this helps you thanks.

input: hello .I was diagnosed with mrsa three weeks ago .was treated with Bactrim both pill and sream .I have had severe headaches that continure to this day .I also have felt like crap flu like symptoms .no fever .had catscan .my fear is that ist has not been defeated and that it could spread to spine and brain
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. MRSA is the staphylococcus bacteria. It can cause variety of infection and symptoms. Headache is one of the symptoms of the disease. I advise you should continue your current treatment. You can in addition do culture and sensitivity from the organisms. MRSA has wide resistant pattern. So once we have sensitivity we can take the antibiotics accordingly. Please do not discontinue half treatment. As MRSA than never responds to half treated antibiotics. Once cured you have to clear the MRSA from the system. You can use mupirocin ointment to clear MRSA from the system. Apply it to the groin, umbilicus, nasal septum etc. After applications for a week you can do swab testing for MRSA from this area. If you are free from MRSA its good otherwise it requires another round of treatment until you are cured. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor

input: my daughter (9yrs old) was bit by a street dog on 5 may 2011 and the wound was not cleansed as we dont know .rabies vaccine and TT were given after half an hour of the bite. on 7 may 2011 immunoglobulin (400/-) was given at the site of the bite. she has taken 4 doses till now 8/511, 12/5/11 and 19/5/11. after the third vaccine she got fever and leg pains. she taken medicine (p-750  1/2)for fever and some antibiotics as suggested by the doctor. how far she is safe now ? and she got fever (99 0 F) after the 4 th dose taken on 19/5/2011. how long the fever will be  if it is the side effect of the vaccine? and the dog (as per her) is well.
output: Hi & Welcome to Chat Doctor. I appreciate your concern for your beloved daughter. Since she has already received FOUR doses of anti rabies vaccine on the days 0,3,7, & 14 following the dog bite and the street dog according to her found to be healthy even after 14 days, she is protected against rabies.Besides, she was also injected anti rabies immunoglobulin at the wound, so there is nothing to worry. The anti rabies vaccines are generally found to be safe, side effects like body ache, fever can occur which can be managed by giving medicine like paracetamol to reduce the body temperature. Another possibility is she might have developed wound infection resulting in fever and for which antibiotics were prescribed, let her complete the course of the antibiotics and paracetamol the fever will subside soon. Hope to have answered your query.

input: I am currently recovering from the flu. Today has been much better, however when I stand up, I get a sharp throbbing pain in the occipital region of my head. When I sit it gets better but not by much. Id say that its moderate sitting. What could it be and how can I treat it?
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms could be related to the viral infection or occipital neuralgia. Although it is not typical of occipital neuralgia that the pain is triggered by standing up position. Intracranial Hypotension could cause such symptomatology. Anyway, I would recommend having some rest and taking plenty of fluids in the next days. A close monitoring of your blood pressure is also necessary to exclude low blood pressure. But if your situation does not improve, I would recommend consulting with your doctor for a physical check up, a brain CT scan and a complete blood count for anemia. Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards, 

input: My adult daughter broke two of her toes, one was a complete break. This occurred 4 weeks ago and she is still experiencing significant pain (not constant but enough to make us wonder if she is healing properly). She has no insurance and had the bad toe set at hospital emergency room. Should we see about trying to get to an orthopedic doctor and see if she may need additional treatment (this will have to be paid out of our pockets and we do not have a lot of money). Thanks, YYYY@YYYY
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I concluded that your daughter got fracture of her toe nearly one month back. By now it is likely that her toes must have united. Now she needs exercises of toe and analgesic for pain relief. Vitamin B, vitamin C and calcium supplements will promote healing. You can take analgesic such as ibuprofen. You can take vitamin B-complex and C to promote healing. Furthermore, you can discuss with your Doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any further questions then don't hesitate to writing to us. I will be happy to help you. You can also write to me directly on below link:https://www.bit.ly/ask Chat Doctor. Take care.

input: My mother has a chest infection and has grown klebsiella. It is sensitive to cephalosporins, quinolones, and amino glycosides. She is on cefpodoxime plus clavulanic acid. Herbsputum has changed from green tomyellow iver the past four days while on antibiotics.Is this cephalosporin appropriate to treat klebsiella? Would doxycycline be more appropriate give the fact that klebsiella devolpes resistance to cephalosporin relatively quickly. How quickly I am not sure. She has not measured her temperature, but says she feels clammy.Thank you
output: Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. See, the sensitivity depends on the culture. If the klebsiella is sensitive to cephalosporins then Cefuroxime would help good. There is no need of adding doxycycline to her. In fact, if her fever responds well to this antibiotic, let her complete course for at least 7 days. Some doctors also prefer to give treatment for 14 days. If her fever doesn't responds then adding a quinolone like Levofloxacin would be an appropriate decision. This is my personal opinion for you based on available details. If you have any further query please ask me. Stay HealthyChatDoctor, MD

input: I have Antiphospholipid Syndrome/Lupus Anticoagulent. I was on Coumadin but had severe headaches, bruising on my body and bleeding gums. I took myself off 4yrs ago and after much research, began eating foods that keep my blood thin, like tumeric powder, fenugreek seeds, wood ear mushrooms. I have not been sick in 4 yrs and I play tennis regularly. Why are my IGg and and IGm numbers still off the chart?Thank you.Diane
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Antiphospholipid syn Chat Doctor. In this syn

input: We live in Nigeria, A week ago My 4yr old son was running fevers and complaining of head aches and started vomiting, we got him to the clinic where he was treated with artesunate and amodiaquine for malaria R/o Entermic F, and given septra antibiotic. his blood work was done and the results are as follows: Full blood count with differential WBC= 5300 Hct= 30% Neutrophil=16 Lymph=84 Monocyte,Eosinophil/Basophil= N/A Yesteday he started complaining about a headache again and seemed a bit weak. Is there anything that may have been missed? Help
output: Hello, you have not mentioned the result of malaria testing. But fever with vomiting and weakness is not a good sign. Kindly visit doctor at earliest. Disclaimer"This provisional advice provided by me stands subject to the patient undergoing a physical examination and is based entirely on inputs provided by patient/attendants. The patient is advised for physical examination at earliest"

input: I am very allergic to chemical fumes of all kinds. I accidentally breathed in spray paint fumes and my throat became immediately raw. It has been three days and my throat is the sorest today and I ve developed a nasty cough as well. I feel generally ill and depressed today. I was exposed at work where an individual went outside to spray paint a small piece of plywood and then came in with it before it had dried and may have given it a few touch up sprays inside as well. I am not sure how to prove to the individual at work and my boss that my extreme discomfort was caused by their extreme disregard for safety. Any professional advice for me?
output: Good Evening, Thanks for given information, carefully I have considered your allergic cough symptoms, here I suggest you some medicine might be helpful to relief Tablet Montelukast 10mgTablet.  Levocetrizine dishy Chat Doctor.  Cephalic piperidine helpful for your allergic outflanks for consult 

input: I have undergone a kidney stone surgery four days ago via urerthal ballon dilatition. One small stone was removed from the left kidney. There is a stent inserted for atleast 3 weeks. My question here is Will smoking Pot will affect my kidneys or stent inside me?
output: Hello In my view smoking is harmful to anyone and in your case its more dangerous. Post surgery your wound healing process take some time with right nutrition, rest&vitamin supplements to encourage college formation it will be more quick.Whereas, smoking,retard wound healing through impairing tissue oxygenation. If the oxygen supply is effected you will have slow wound healing and may even cause bacterial growth as Nicotine causes blood flow to slow down by constricting the vessels. To prevent all the possible complications my advice; if I were you treating doctor would be to avoid smoking at least till you recover. Hope your question is answered.

input: No energy - fatigue Had severe diarehha for two days and ate very little. Have dark stools, but they are no longer watery. Have eliminated nuts, berries and raisins from diet thinking it might be from diverticulitis. Have blood pressure problems - which I am prescribed Lisinopril/hydrocloothiazide 20/25 and because of the illness with diareaha my blood pressure is running 110/81 . I feel slowed, am 66 years old and have had history of colon cancer, diabetes and high blood pressure and high heart rate. My last colonoscopy was October 2014.
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I understand your concern and would explain that dark stools are very concerning about a gastrointestinal hemorrhage (related to diverticulitis or any other disorders). Your past medical history for diverticulitis and colon cancer could be related to these symptoms. But a common viral gastroenteritis as the cause of this symptomatology can not be excluded. I recommend consulting with your gastroenterologist for a careful physical examination, an abdominal ultrasound, a stool analysis, some lab blood tests including: a complete blood count, PCR, sedimentation rate, CEA, CA19.9 (tumor antigens), etc. A GI endoscopy is necessary to exclude possible lesions of the digestive tract if suspicions are raised. Meanwhile, I agree with your decision to temporarily reduce the antihypertensive Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I m a 26 year old male. Was diagnosed with bulging discs at l4/l5/s1. At times I have had severe pain in lower back radiating into my hip, all the way down to my big toe. Recently, due to physical therapy, I have been getting better. So because I ve been getting better, I ve started to more exercises so I can get back into some kind of shape. But about a week ago, after doing sit-ups I felt a sharp pain from what felt like my tailbone into my anus. Since then it hurts to sit or to do certain movements . At times I feel pressure in my anus as well. Could this new pain be caused from further bulging of my discs or is it something else?
output: Hi, Get a fresh MRI of LS spine done to find out the current situation of discs mails report to me at Chat Doctor. Com to suggest you further line of treatment. Take Care

input: Ive had this sharp pain under my left breast for a few weeks now, it began when I was lying down in bed one night and turned sharply, and since then it has become more frequent. I am currently having it and it feels like when i take a deep breath in something is clamping down on my heart getting ready to burst, i felt a bit light headed and faint but my mum said that was a bit of a panic attack, ive taken a nuerofen but i am still in a lot of pain, and i cant take deep breaths in, ive googled it and found some theories, but i want to know how to get rid of it?
output: Hello, It is a neuromuscular pain, one tablet European may not help. I would advise you to take European three times a day for five to seven days after the meal. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I broke  my ankle back in March and had surgery on it in April.  I broken my right lower fibula.  I got a rod and 7 screws.  Recently Ive been feeling a sharp, burning sensation in my ankle bone.  Its not all the time, just sometimes.  Today it has been happening all day.  What is this from? What should I do?
output: Hello, Thank you for using Chat Doctor. I read your question and understood your concern. I can be anything from breaking of the screws or plate, deep vein thrombosis or infection. You should go to ER and get X-rays of the ankle done, blood test to rule out postop infection and Doppler ultrasound to exclude the deep vein thrombosis. I wish you quick recovery.

input: my brother aged 55 years is suffering from suspected abdoman koch but same has not been clear from USG ans CTscan and thereafter leproscopy has been advised before starting treatment and no medicine has been advised so far so kindly advise us what should be next course of action in this?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking Chat Doctor. Wish you had details of other investigations as well, then it would have been easier to answer. There must be some findings indicative of abdominal Koch that is why doctors have advised laparoscopy to make sure before starting medication. It seems Until they are very sure they will not start any medication as it has a long course, and it is harsh on patients to put them through all this medication without confirming diagnosis.Also, they may be planning for biopsy at the same time to confirm the diagnosis. Be assured they are doing their best. Good luck.

input: sir, my mother has breast cancer with bone metasis patient.  while she taking chemo and radiation her legs were not properly working and her sugar level is 500. after taking insulin now she has 250 sugar level.  what is the reason for leg swelling and not walking?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Your mother has an advanced stage of breast cancer and needs treatment targeted to the cancer spread. In this situation, the cancer cells might be controlled by chemotherapy and radiation. Her sugar levels are high and this can cause additional health problems during her treatment. Swelling of limbs might be an emergency like deep vein thrombosis. You should urgently consult her doctors and get a D dimer blood test and lower limb Doppler scan done to know if there are any clots in the deep veins of legs. This is an emergency and must be considered first. If she does not have DVT then the swelling of leg might happen when there is extra fluid collection in the limbs and this takes place in the tissues below the skin and is also called subcutaneous edema. Such a situation might arise during cancer treatment and due to diabetes or reduced kidney or heart function and needs to be treated. Please do not worry.

input: hello doctor . I went through my blood test few days back. in 2006 i was advised to have gilberts syndrome and my normal billiburin level was between 2-3. however my recent blood test showed my billiburin level 7mg/dl, billiburin level (direct) 2 mg/dl, SGPT 35 and SGOT 25. I am feeling excess fatigue this days. please advice me am i having jaundice? what should i eat and what sholdn t i?
output: Hi, Bilirubin get conjugated in liver by the help of Glucoronyl transferase enzyme and thus make it water-soluble. Due to deficiency of this hormone(UGT) level of conjugated bilirubin increase in blood without any serious problem. There are some tips to manage this syn Chat Doctor.  Avoid alcohol, fatty and sugary food. Take protein, turmeric, milk, carrot. Do exercise and take at least eight-hour sleep. Enjoy tension free life.

input: During a plasma donation, needle was inserted by two phlebs because they couldnt get return.  Once blood was flowing, the machine took one round, returned rbcs with anticoagulant to me, then on the second round, blood would not flow.  They removed the needle and there was a clot.  , and is the clot  dangerous?
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorGreetings of the day Small clot may not be dangerous in an individual with no pre-existing cardiovascular and respiratory disease. Take disregards Chat Doctor. 

input: Trying to conceive. Period was due May 11th and yesterday May 14 I started having severe cramps and hip pains. Then when I went to the restroom I had what is similar to my period but its bright red and it only happens when I get really bad cramps and go to the restroom, I have a pad on but its clean. The blood is bright red with tiny clots and it looks like if theres a clear slimy goo to it. Is it just my normal period, I m kind of worried as I miscarried almost a year ago.
output: Hi, according to your description the possibility of miscarriage is also there, so you better consult gynecologist and undergo, physical examination, blood test for pregnancy, ultrasound examination with this primary workup you can possibly rule out the possibility of miscarriage. Take care.

input: I had multiple staph infections on my hands after a bout with an upper respiratory infection. Now I have a phlebitis in my upper arm on my bicep it is now going farther down my arm. It would also be important to note that the staph infections were all on finger joints. I was able to keep them drained but there was one on a knuckle and the last time I drained it it felt like it went down deeper than the others. Now the index finger is swelled at the bottom were there was no cut. Does this sound like I need to get antibiotics to fix this issue. Thank you for your time! And any help is appreciated!
output: Hello, While an occasional infection is inevitable and not a cause for concern, recurrent bouts of various infections should definitely be investigated. In my opinion, you should undergo some tests like Blood sugar test, to make sure you are not diabetic and a complete blood count with your white cell counts and differential counts, to see if there is a problem with your immune system. Additionally, if you are on long term steroid therapy, you could also be prone to infections. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I slammed my hand/wrist on counter in a argument today and now have bruis from pinkie down to mid forearm, the bruise is red stripes and white down middle. Close to pinkie is black/blue. Move fingers fully with pain, can t move wrist in circle without excruciating pain or up and down and side to side
output: It appears that you have sustained a soft tissue injury from the force of the trauma. I would recommend rest, ice and pain control. For pain, You can try Ibuprofen (400-800 mg three times a day with food)- it has an anti-inflammatory effect. Do not take Ibuprofen if you have a history of chronic kidney disease, bleeding from your gut or severe reflux. You can also try Acetaminophen (Tylenol) 325-650 mg every 4-6 hours as needed. Do not take more than 3,000 mg of Acetaminophen over a 24-hour period. You can take both Acetaminophen and Ibuprofen together. If your symptoms do not improve, or you have increasing pain, swelling or redness or numbness or tingling that's not improving, then please see your primary care doctor or go to the ER to have it evaluated. Please let me know if that was helpful. Thanks!

input: hi doc, my name is hardeep, my baby girl is 6 months old i m giving her semi solid food and past 2 days she is passing green stool once a day, today i gave her pomegranate juice mixed with apple juice and she passed dark green stool few days i have been giving her dalya in tetra pack milk and she is consuming that milk once, she is passing lots of stool and its watery at times and she applies pressure, do i need to worry about this, she is not sleeping properly in the night, plz help
output: HiT hanks for writing to Chat Doctor. No need to worry. Watery stools are usually due to viral infection.ORS and zinc needs to be given for loose stools. Ensure she passes urine at least 6 times dailyWishing your child speedy recoveryRegards Chat Doctor. 

input: My semen densuty(count) is 48mill/ml. My total motilityof sperms is 90%.Rapid linear progressive motility is 85%. Slow linear progessive motaliy is 5%.Non progressive moyility is 5%.Immmotile is 10%.Vitality is 90%. My sperm volume 2ml, pH value is 7.8, viscosity High. Is my sperm count Normal?
output: Yes it is normal. According to World Health Organization criteria of year 2010, lower limit of normal are Volume - 1.5 ml, Concentration - 15 million/ml, Progressive motility 32%, Normal forms 4%

input: i was sleeping and woke up to sharp pains in my lower back..feels like my spine is whats hurting. I couldnt move or get up for awhile. now i m up but cant stand straight up and theres sharp pains in my lower spine. what could cause this since i was fine the night before. now i cant lay straight down or stand straight up and the stabbing pain is still ther eon my lower spine.
output: Hello, Thanks for posting your query. You are suffering from acute low backache, which might occur due to sudden muscular spasm. You have to avoid forward bending, bed rest and taking muscle relaxant. If this persists after 2-3 days then you have to visit orthopaedician for examination of spine. Regards.

input: Hi! I dont know if this is neccessarily a health question, but I am singing a solo for my high school choir performance this sunday, and at least 500 people will be there. Although I have done this many times before, I have never done it in front of this many people, and I get extremely shaky, my breathing becomes shallow and I get horrible stomach butterflies, which can really affect my singing in a negative way. Is there any beverage or food that I could take before my performance that would force me to not be shaky or have butterflies?
output: Hey dear not to worry about your performance it will be the best of your life. There is no such beverage or food that can increase your confidence unless and until you build it up in your own mind. Your own mind is the best solution for the problem. First you think as if you are singing in a lonely space with full of greenery everywhere & nobody other than birds & trees to hear you. Once you will pick up the grip & people front of you will start to respond you in positive manner you will automatically gain the confidence.Don't think that you are short of breath you are the best. Else you can have a proper psychological counselling session. One more thing you can do is you can just have fresh lime water just 30 minutes before your performance & you won't face any problem. (placebo effect)

input: Hi, I had a vasectomy 2 weeks ago, was slightly dizzy for 3 days in the first week and fine until yesterday when this returned. I awoke today to more dizziness, so much so that I have had to take the day off work. I have read that this could be due to infection but the wound looks fine and there is no pain at all or swelling. Is there anything I can do to get rid of the dizziness?
output: Hello, Vasectomy is a minor procedure and does not cause dizziness. Other conditions like anemia must be ruled out. Consult a physician and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: my 7 week old baby keeps foaming at her mouth, her saliva gets really thick and sticky and she chokes on it. i can hear it all in the back of her throat and nose ans she cant breathe. she goes bright red and her eyes bulge. it seems to be lasting longer and longer each time it happens
output: Hi, Thick secretions are when she has fever, failure to thrive or oily stools. If any of these is present she requires evaluation for cystic fibrosis. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Male Infertility ...  its bieng 4 years no childrens yet, but my test says 256 millions of sperm count. But motility is 50 percent dead and 50 percent alive. COnsulted a doctor in our tow and he said sperm count is over crowded. He suggested me to drink Maxozen powder for 3 months. Will it work ?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor . Ya maxima helps in improving sperm quality and motility.  So I would suggest you to continue it. Meanwhile reduce weight and quit smoking and alcohol.  There are no Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a fall on Sunday in the bathroom and I still have pain in the back near the spine.  There is no pain in the bones but seems to be a sharp pain in that area.  I am taking Diclofenac tabs and applying gel.  But the pain doesnot subside.  I have difficulty sitting down and getting up.
output: HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. During fall on back you can possibly get a muscle strain or ligament sprain of back or a vertebral injury like disc bulge. An examination with orthopedic will give clue for that and an X-ray followed by MRI if needed of Lumbosacral spine should be done to confirm that. I usually prescribe NSAIDs like Diclofenac muscle relaxants like Thiocolchicoside and neurotrophic Chat Doctor. After a rest of short duration of 4-5 days I advise physiotherapy also. Hope this may help you. Let me know if you have any further query.

input: My 5.1 year old boy (only child)  has been suffering from very high temperatures and delusions specifically at night. He has a cold and is also on antibiotics for an ear infection.  Two nights ago he had an episode where his body jerked uncontrollably. Today he awoke with painful legs and cant walk and can only stand if on tip toes.  We went to the doctors today who seemed to think that maybe Samuel is play acting for attention.  Although Im obviously open to the fact that this suggestion may be the case it is very unlike him as he normally gets on with things until he is really ill and, having often doubted him in the past and ended up in A&E a couple of times, Im worried to ignore it.  He complained of sore legs when we lifted him for a wee in the night and he is still not walking now - is that a long time for a 5 year old to keep something like this up consistently?  Id really appreciate your opinion
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern for your son in febrile state child may become weak and this may cause little difficulty in walking and standing, if the central nervous system finding are normal or unremarkable then this is nothing to worry, and everything would fine be fine soon, hope this information helps, take care have a nice day.

input: kinda long history but when i was thirty i had cc hyster and radiation then at 32 had lung surgery for masses they thought were cancer turned out good now at 33 started having chest pains again like before pnemonia? so went to er told i have bronchitis and bladder infection and white cells are low to follow up with onco. three days later got ring worm on leg and a few lymph nodes are swollen what is going on with me??
output: Respected user, hi I evaluated your query thoroughly.* Differential diagnosis include bacterial or viral infection of respiratory tract with low immunity leading to super added infections like bladder infection, ring worms on legs.  Possibility of micro metastasis must be ruled out in form of relapse.* Thorough clinical evaluations along with necessary data in form of Laboratory, Imaging like bronchoscopy, CT / MRI, Pulmonary lavage for hist pathology according to the clinician judgement. Hope this helps you. Welcome for any further assistance. Thanks for using Chat Doctor .com & reviewing my answer thoroughly. Wishing you fine recovery from the same. Regards dear take care.

input: Hi, I have extremely dry feet and it itches a lot. I had a spot on my one feet since last 7-8 years which had dead skin (quite thick) and no matter what I apt, it remained the same. With time it started itching. 6 months back I had some white spots on my elbows and my doctor recommended hhsalic lotion for both feet and elbows.. Elbows are fine now but the feet are going extremely dry and itchy with some spots that look like blood clots. What should I do?
output: Hi, You may be suffering from psoriasiform dermatitis or psoriasis. For your feet, try frequent application of good emollients. Take antihistamines to reduce itching. As the suspected disease come under the domain of dermatology. It will be good to consult a dermatologist.

input: Hi My skin feels so dehydrated, Im 32 and feel like i have aged suddenly. When i wake every morning, I have severe bags under my eyes which dont subside until well into the afternoon. It is effecting me doing my job as I always look wrecked,and make up cant cover it, in fact it makes it look worse. Any advise for me please. Many thanks
output: Hello and welcome, you are undergoing through a lot of stress. There is no proper sleep and no proper timetable for having your food. Have at least 5 to 6 liters of water every day with at least a big glass of juice and milk. Give some care to your eyes by having a good sleep of at least 6 hours at a go per day. Lie down with eyes closed and with cotton pack dipped in cold water or sometimes cucumber over both eyes for 15 to 20 minutes every day. Change your lifestyle to a healthier one with proper timing for all your activities and with yoga. I hope my suggestion are of help to you. Take good care of yourself.

input: I went to the dentist 2 days ago and he looked at my teeth because I was in a lot of pain. He gave me 2 lidocaine injections and amoxicillin and hydrocodone. My face is swollen on the left side and my cheek is red and my jaw bones hurt and pain pills not working, should I go to ER?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint swelling over the face over the painful side can be due to either infection causing abscess formation or it can also be due to allergic reaction to any of the components of the anesthetic solution or the other medicine given to you like Amoxicillin or HY Chat Doctor. . I would suggest you to consult your treating dentist and get evaluated, and a thorough clinical evaluation can help in diagnosis and treatment can be planned accordingly. In case if it is due to infection treatment of offending teeth can help. In case of allergic reaction anti-allergics like Ben

input: have metallic taste in mouth for a few weeks now off and on...could it be my blood pressure medicine...read it is a side effect but i ve been taking it for a year now...also dont think it could be dental related as i go every 6 months...and how do i get rid of it
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor, I am Chat Doctor. Metallic taste usually doesn't appear due to medications but sometimes a multivitamin specially an iron pill can be causing it. If you do not have dental issues then it might well be because of your stomach problem. Your problem seems to be caused by Stomach/gut upset, it needs lifestyle modification before any medication, here is what you need to do.1) Avoid coffee, caffeine, Fizzy 

input: hi .. i have 39 days old baby and i am giving him breast milk and lactogen1 from birth.. and one bottle tufpro (half in the morning and half in evening ) and azyme 2 times ... till now everything was alright.. but suddenly he started crying very high in the night from past 2 days... and he is showing some stomach ache... what should i do... can i go for gripe water if yes so which gripe water is best ??
output: You can take gripe water of any company, it will be helpful. I t is just herbal medicine with ginger, fennel,chamomile for comics. Hope it helps. Wish your baby good health

input: Hello, I m a male and can t ejaculate when having sex. We want a family, and I heard that mastabation doesn t effect it. Since I was 16 I felt turned on wearing pantyhose during mastabation, which is a rough surface, but I reached climax all the time. How do I ejaculate in sex with my wife? Is there a cream I can get to make me cum? Or something? Very personal question, so hard to tell a doctor face to face if you can understand? Hope you can help Kind Regards Annonamous.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I can understand. But you must understand, there is nothing you cannot tell your doctor. You must tell everything to your doctor. Regarding your present problems, premature ejaculation is mainly due to psychological reasons. Performance anxiety is the base of these problems. You did not mention your age. Masturbation has very little effect directly on sexual performance if your masturbation practice is medium. You may consult a sexologist for further counseling and advise. If you still need my assistance in this regard, please use this link. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Please remember to describe the whole problem with full detail. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: my wife has been diagnosed with a low grade glioma. its located in the cerebellum area of brain. near brain stem. she has received radiation treatment and is currently taking VIMPAT. she is experiencing a tremendous amount of vertigo and vomiting. the dizziness and vomiting is daily.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is unfortunate that your wife has been diagnosed with low grade glioma, a cancer of brain. Moreover, a vital part of brain, near the brain stem is affected. I am glad that she is receiving radiation and IMPACT. I hope that she shows good recovery. Dizziness and vomiting are related to the tumor, as well as radiation and medications. Dizziness can be relieved with betahistine tablets and vomiting can be prevented with ondansetron tablets. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: hi dr.gopi i have been experiencing heart palpitations for  a while now they are on and off and yesterday i have one which was pretty bad and i started shivering and felt nauseous and kept on having to urinate. My iron levels and all are fine but what should I do about my condition , i went for an ecg and they said i was fine,..but should i check with a cardiologist just in case? its very annoying.
output: Hello, I passed carefully through your questions and would explain that some skipped heart beats or palpitations are quite normal in every healthy individual during physical activity or emotional stress. Anyway, I would recommend performing some additional tests in order to exclude any possible cardiac arrhythmia or metabolic disorders:- A cardiac ultrasound to examine your heart function and structure- An ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring to investigate for any cardiac arrhythmia-Blood electrolytes for any possible imbalance-Thyroid hormone levels for possible thyroid dysfunction should discuss with your doctor on the above tests. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi,after taking antibiotics for my sinus infection(1 month ago) I have mucos in my stool,and it s some times very dark,also discomfort in my stomach ,burp,pressure in my solar plexus,but the symptoms I worry about most is that that pressure goes up thru my chest (feels like vibration) some time I have it in my throat.my blood pressure is always normal pulse may be normal or little bit high( like 95)I don t have any heart pain.Do you thik it may be related to my heart
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Possibility of heart disease is less but better to rule out cardiac diseases first for your symptoms. So get done ECG and 2d echo. If both are normal than no need to worry about heart diseases. Possibility of antibiotic induced gastritis is more. You're all symptoms like burping, discomfort in stomach, chest pain etc. are seen in gastritis. And antibiotics are known to cause gastritis. So avoid stress and tension. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. Start proton pump inhibitors and prokinetic Chat Doctor.  But first rule out cardiac diseases. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I got numbness on my chin from last one month. When I feel numbness I consult my doctor (Dentiest) because i was undergo to RCT on last tooth but she said that there is nothing due to RCT, then I go to Ortho. because I was suffering from cervical Pain also and numbness in my left hand also. I am taking medicine Mahagaba 75mg BD. Now, I am O.K. but numbness on chin is not subsidy, what can I do for this?
output: Hello,First it needs to be clarified whether the numbness in your chin and your left hand is related or not. After seeing you one needs to come to a conclusion about whether it is because of compression in the neck or surrounding area. You need to consult a neurologist, and he will guide you regarding further investigation which may be required. He will also give you other medications for numbness. If the numbness on chin immediately followed dental treatment, then it could be related to it also. Good luck.

input: hi i am balaji, 25 years old and 172 cms height and 54kg weight. i fell down first time in december 2010 due to fits, and then i was prescribed with medicine eptoin 100 mg for 3 months, one per day at morning. after using 2 months again fell down even i taken it. but i drunk day before that day. then i prescribed with epsilon 300mg. i used 2 months, then again i used 100mg for 3 months and i stopped. 9 months later recently i fell down and doctor now given me zeptol 300 for testing of 10 days. can u pl tell me is it match to me? if yes pl explain the things what i should not.
output: Hello, The most important thing is never ever skip the Chat Doctor.  Avoid high-risk activities like 

input: hi,my baby is 14 month old,last 9 days he is suffering from loose motion.when i consult the doctor,he presribed kaptin syrup,lactovita tablet and pediatric electrolyte.after taking this,his stool become green color and there is no change.but he is active and taking food normally.give me a solution please..
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your baby have symptoms of loose motion and green colored stool which is due to poor digestion, poor absorption or rapid movement through the intestines and all this leads to watery diarrhea. Need not worry.  Chat Doctor.  You should take antibiotic such as oflox-oz along with rebuild empty stomach one hour before meal. I would suggest you to take zinc supplements along with oral rely

input: "me and my boyfriend use to have phone sex...he wished to do sex with me....during that he told me that he want more sex..while masturbating it takes more than half hour to ejaculate the sperm...one day as we planned ready to have sex,i gave him oral sex,then within 5 minutes he ejaculated sperm,the other day same thing happened,when i asked about this to him he told that the hot inside my mouth is the reason.... pls tell me that is that my problem???i frequently have hot body temperature...is that normal???pls tell me..."
output: HelloThanks for query. Based on the fact that you have posted your boyfriend ejaculates within 5 minutes when you give him fellatio (Oral sex) whereas takes long time when he masturbates. Ejaculation is a point of climax of sexual stimulation and is due to contraction of Bulbospongiosus and Pubococcygeus muscles of penis which get triggered by stimulation of glans penis. This stimulation of glans penis being more in oral sex is the reason for early ejaculation than in masturbation. It has no relation with the temperature inside your mouth. Chat Doctor. 

input: I fell in December and caused a serious bruise to my right butt cheek. Over the last couple of weeks I have developed a dent in that same butt cheek. At the time of my fall my doctor s office xrayed my right arm and hip and had no fractures. What is causing this dent?
output: Hello, It could be a simple muscle in Chat Doctor.  You can go for an MRI scan for further assessment. Consult an orthopedic and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: My 14 year old son started having severe pain in his teeth when we started descending on the airplane this afternoon. He spit out a small amount of mucus and felt a litter better. He had taken a Zyrtec prior to traveling. The pain calmed down for about an hour or 2 but is now hurting him again.  Had teeth checked and X-rays  a month or 2 back so I doubt it is a cavity.
output: Hello thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor.it could Barodontalgia, commonly known as tooth squeeze (aerodontalgia), is a pain in tooth caused by a change in atmospheric pressure. The pain usually ceases at ground level. The most common victims are SCUBA divers because in deep dives pressures can increase by several atmospheres and military pilots because of rapid changes. Barodontalgia is a symptom of dental disease, Indeed, most of the common oral pathologies have been reported as possible sources: dental caries, defective tooth restoration, pulpits, pulp necrosis, apical periodontitis, periodontal pockets, impacted teeth, and mucous retention cysts. Hence please consult a dentist since it could be teeth problem.hope it helps, tc

input: Hi, I have a broken tooth that had cut my tongue maybe two days ago. Now my tongue is swollen, my throat is severely irritated, the right side if my face has swelled considerably and my sinuses are a complete mess. I mean constant nasal drip while still feeling totally stuffed up (and when I use a tissue the only thing that comes out is like a clear gelatin-like substance), my eyes are partially swollen, red and somewhat leaking. So did all of this spark from a cut on my tongue or is the real issue the broken tooth? (by broken I mean that a small chunk of my tooth has chipped away) Furthermore, the tooth has been this way for sometime but I do not always have these same problems. In others words I will be totally fine for a period of time and then every once and a while this happens.
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, Pain and swelling in the tongue is due to trauma caused by the chipped tooth. Sore throat can be due to bacterial or viral infection, swelling on right side due to sinusitis. I would advise you to visit to an ENT Specialist and get complete checkup done and take treatment for sinusitis. Apply colonel ointment topically over the affected area on tongue. Take saline water gargles 3-4 times a day. For broken tooth go crown placement , restoration depending upon the condition of tooth. Hope this helps out. Regards....

input: I m wondering if there are different brands of Orencia. I used to get my infusion at the hospital, but they no longer do it so I go to a clinic. My infusion in April was the first at the clinic and I feel it did not work. I m hoping it is just the bad weather here in New England. I am stiff and achy and tired. My fingers get stuck. I ve never felt like this in such a short period of time after a treatment. I go every 8 weeks. I started at once a month.
output: DEARORENCIA IS GIVEN FOR RHEUMATOID ARTHITIS.ITS NOT THE  ChatDoctor.  IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY WITH 

input: I am 45 yrs old,54 Kg having Haemoglobin 7.4. Doctor prescribed me C Pink tablet. After taking the tablet there was tremendous uneasyiness,vomitting,gastritis problem.Gastritis and antivomitting tablet could not work.Now the doctor has prescribed  tablet Haemgrow one tablet daily. one of my relative took this medicine thrice daily.Should I also take haemgrow thrice daily? Howmany days I have to take this Irin tablet?Thanking YouBina Nandi,Midnapore, W.B
output: Dear friend, GREETINGS from Chat Doctor... I appreciate your concern ... your hemoglobin levels are very, very low ... you please get evaluated completely ... you have anemia please check for the reasons for it ... it could be due to piles/hook worm infestations / bleeding peptic ulcer ... if all these causes are ruled out then it could be nutritional deficiency ....please take iron tablets daily 2-3 times before food . Iron tablets cause irritation and vomiting sensations ... please go for iron injections if you are not tolerating ... iron tablets are best taken with vitamin C tablets ... iron is better absorbed in empty stomach before food .you take more of meat, fish, egg, green leafy vegetables, fruits etc. To increase your iron levels ...please do contact us for more queries ... thank you

input: Hello! So I have had throat stones appear in my tonsils but they have been appearing more so recently. Also, just since yesterday, I don t see any of the throat stones in the back of my throat but I am still having the bad breath smell symptom from them. And in the back of my tonsils, if I press my finger against the crypts, a whitish/yellowish colored substance oozes out of the crypt. Also, I have had these bumps on the very back of my throat for a few days and just passed it off as an irritation due to an allergy. I am beginning to worry that something is wrong with my tonsils. Do you have any advice or suggestions as to what may be going on? Or what I should do?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The yellow discharge could be a pus from the infected tonsil. It can be secondary to the tonsillitis or peritonsillar abscess. Consult a ENT surgeon and get it treated. Meanwhile you can take a course of antibiotics like amoxicillin 500 mg and metronidazole 400 mg TID for 5 days (if you are not allergic). Do saline gargling. The halitosis is because of this problem only. Once you get the tonsils treated everything will return to normal. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: hi i am a 45 yr old female with copd emphesema arthritis and numerous  complaints however i have an extra heartbeat but since before christmas i have been suffering occassional chest pain so severe that it leaves me breathless i was told i have inverted t waves and recommended to go to cardiologist to have angina test why ?
output: Hello dear, warm welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* There are different possible conditions which can give rise to chest pain in your condition as - coronary insufficiency - lungs expansion or respiratory Chat Doctor. Hope this will help you. Wishing you fine recovery. Regards.

input: Dear Doctor my age 28 yearsheight 6 fitweight 58 kg i have TB in my past Presently iam healthy seminal report is quantity 20mlcolour milky whiteconsistency thick liquidreaction alkalnePH 70 total cout of sperms 10 million Dear Doctor my age 28 years,height-6 fit,weight 58 kg, i have TB in my past Presently iam healthy seminal report is quantity 2.0ml,colour-milky white,consistency-thick liquid,reaction-alkalne,P.H-7.0, total cout of sperms 10 million/ml of semen Motality after 1/2 hours total motile-10% active motile-10%,moderatelymotile-10%,sluggeshly motile-20% ,non motile-60% after 1hour total motile-8% active motile-5%,moderatelymotile-10%,sluggeshly motile-25% ,non motile-60% after 4hour total motile-2% active motile-00%,moderatelymotile-5%,sluggeshly motile-15% ,non motile-80% micro scopic morphology-10 to15% immature forms 08 to 10% tail less-02 to 04 %,pin head 01 to02%,W.B.C-4-6/hpf,R.B.C-no found, epithelial cell-not found,trichmonous-not found so pls tell sir i can be a fatheror not if not treatments are avilable for me. and duration as per abnomality which shows in my report.
output: Dear Her, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Your count is low and motility is also less, so you will need to get a Color Doppler study of Scrotum done, to rule out or confirm varicocele which could be the cause for this. For this you will have to consult a Urologist who will advise you. You can certainly become a father after proper treatment. Do not lose hope, have a positive attitude. Wish you all the Best.

input: Hi , i am 33 year old male and have been diagnosed with OSMF , although I didnt abstain from chewing pan masala immediately after the diagnose , and kept eating until 3 months back .I have now completely quit chewing the Panmasala.My mouth opening is about two fingers I.e 25 mm with very moderate tounge coming out of the mouth10 mm the serious issues revolves around my third molar which is coming out and the doctor is unable to get to the impact area of extraction due to mouth opening issues , I have been going through this for the past 2 years , and the pain is there occasionally , but now I have finally decided to get it extracted , but the doctors are unable to do so , the pain when happens is unbearable and I am unable to eat during the peak pain period , it happens usually once in a couple of months ( the pain wasnt that bad when I used to eat pan masala).I have consulted a lot of oral maxilofacial surgeons , and they arent sure of how to go about it , some suggest general anesthesia , until I saw a laser treatment for the same , where in they will do the laser treatment for OSMF and once th mouth opening is achieved the third moral can be  extracted easily ( they say 10 days total and post treatment pysiotherapy)My doctor in the interim has not given any injection but a medicine SM FIBRO 2 tab daily ( multi vitamin).Is this the correct course , and will it help achieve the desired mouth opening to get the third molar extracted any time soon .Please advice .ThanksAtul
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The OSF can be treated with Erbium Chromium Yttrium Scandium Gallium Garnet (Err:YEGG) laser which shows promising results. Consult a good oral maxillofacial surgeon and get it treated. The SM FI BRO is an Antonio, the dose you are taking is fine. You can take this for 15 days to a month. Once the mouth opening is achieved you can get the wisdom tooth removed. Even under general anesthesia, your mouth opening will be this much only so you can't get it removed till you improve the mouth opening. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: My 4 year old has had a fever for  3 days, ranging between 99 and 102.9. She complains of a tummy ache and she is coughing. Is lethargic but is more talkative and playful in day 3. She has ate little in the past 3 days, withe the third day the most shes eaten. Takes in some fluid. Complains she doesnt feel well.
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. It is quite common for it to pain after severe cough. Do not worry. It seems to be a viral illness.  Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (Maximum ceiling dose 500 mg per dose) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. Regards - 

input: i have a cyst on the base of my penis shaft... the doctor said it was not threatening and to just leave it alone... i cant very well leave it alone when trying to have intercourse... there was no pain originally but now has started being sore to movement and to the touch cant tell if its getting bigger or about to rupture. should i get it removed?
output: HelloThanks for query. You have what is called as Sebaceous Cyst over base of the penis. The skin in genital area is rich in sebaceous glands and hence prone to get more sebaceous cyst due to accumulation of sebum beneath the skin. Normally they fade away without treatment however they need to be treated if increase in size or get infected. Please consult qualified General Surgeon for clinical evaluation and further treatment. If needed it may need to get excised in Toto (Completely along with the sac) Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello. My sister is 23 years old and is suffering from very low HB that is 3.5. Two years back she had severe bleeding due to fibroids and after that she s on medication. Her bleeding has become better but her HB has fallen down a lot. I am really worried what to do. Should we go for a blood transfusion.
output: Dear patient. Greetings from Chat Doctor !!!  I am Chat Doctor and shall be answering your question. I can understand your reservations about blood transfusion and when it should be done. Furthermore, I will try my best to answer your question and guide you through the problem. Your sister has an HE of 3.5gm/DL. The normal HE for her is 12gm/DL. Her anemia can be multifactorial, blood loss due to fibroid, nutritional, menstrual loss. HE of 3.5gm/DL is a very low hemoglobin. The body goes into a state of high output cardiac failure and blood is not able to deliver enough oxygen to the tissues. Oxygen is a basic requirement of the cells. Hypoxia leads to accumulation of acids in the blood and the patient feels tired and breathless. Hence, I would recommend your sister be transfused with a total of 3 to 4 packed cells to get the HE till 7gm/DL. She can then be treated for the cause. She can then be given hepatitis, intravenous iron and treated for fibroid if any. Current day transfusions are safe and the risk of acquiring diseases is minimal. Hence, you shouldn't worry about that, I hope this helps you out. If you have any more questions, please do not hesitate to write back to me. Yours sincerely, ChatDoctor.

input: Hi, my husband has had a some sort of cold for about a week.  Along with all the regular cold symptoms he has this awful cough that he gets at night that just sounds awful.  He gets coughing so hard that he will often throws up and sometimes there is even blood.  This cough seems to come everytime he gets a cold.  What could be wrong?
output: HIIT might happen to vomit after an excessive cough due to the reflexes, nothing to worry about Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: i used MTPILL kit one week ago,but in ultrasound there is small products inside.so,doctor suggested to take another course of misoprostrol,which i have taken till now 2 doses.But nothing came out yet.Can u suggest some precautions to expell the product?
output: Hello;welcome to ChatDoctorMTPill kit is prescribed for abortion, and it works but in very few cases there can be failure to expel all the products of conception and in such cases D & C is required. So please consult your Gynecologist and follow her advice and if the products are not expelled even after another course then you will have to go for a curettage. Thanks

input: Why does my breathing feel limited now? Ive only had one panic attack . But I mean that was weeks ago, and now my breathing feels really limited, also when standing up for a while I start to breathe a lil harder. My heart rate is fine now that I have learned to sort of keep calm but now my breathing feels limited & in the middle of my chest and inder my left breast feels a little sore, should I be worried?? Btw im 18.
output: Hi and thank you for asking. Usually it is normal that during or after a panic attack the person might feel breathlessness. You explain that after you now have learned to sort of keep calm your breathing feels really limited. To rule out lungs problem you can do a blood count test, a chest X-ray and a Spirometry test. If they come normal I do not think you need other tests to do further. Thank you Chat Doctor. 

input: hey my aunt fell last week no one knows how. took her to the er and they just gave her pain meds. she do not have use of her rightside of her body. It looks like she has had a stroke. took her back to the er yesterday and her bp was 218/151. they got it down to 181/105  and let her go home. What should I do?
output: Hello, Thanks for posting your query on Chat Doctor ...* Brief Answer: she should be on regular medications for hypertension. Short information about progress of weakness.*Explanation: My opinion is that high blood pressure on many occasions is an indication for control. That happens on many levels. First, be sure that high blood pressure is not secondary to any other diseases as Cushing or renal failure. Then, Diet with low salt and less fat content is crucial. Exercise and other healthy activities are also a mean to control blood pressure. If all that does not help, medications are a must. That is usually decided by your doctor according to your condition and comorbidities. Some Chat Doctor. Regular blood pressure monitoring is as important as starting treatment so that we could assess efficacy of the medication we started. Weakness or neurological deficit in a hypertensive patient is a dangerous sign and need to be managed as soon as possible to avoid brain hemorrhage suggest my patients the following : lower blood pressure to a reasonable level, follow up conscious level and weakness. The information provided by you is not sufficient to provide a good opinion. If someone comes to me with this condition I would ask them about other comorbidities like diabetes, hyperlipidemia etc., also you didn't mention the fate of weakness or investigations done.*Conclusion: I suggest you consult your physician about your aunt antihypertensive medications.  If you have any further questions I will be happy to help, If not, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your aunt good health.

input: My son was hit in the head three years ago with a tree limb causing his first seizure. Now at age 38 he doesn t use but can his right hand. He just recently went to the doctor an they diagnosed him with having MS. However then sent him to a neurologist an he diagnosed him with Corticobasal ganglion degeneration I feel like he had a stroke an it went undiagnosed.
output: I read your question and I understand your concern. To be honest I am very puzzled by your story, especially the corticobasal ganglion degeneration (CBG) part. CBG typically presents around the age of 60. The youngest ever documented case has manifested at the age of 34 (I rechecked before answering just to be sure). So if your son had that disease at 38 with manifestations starting at 35, he would be an almost unique case in the history of the disease, I would be really careful in taking that diagnosis. As for the distinction between MS and stroke related to the head trauma it should generally be easy with an MRI if history and examination do not already make that distinction. Without knowing more about the signs and MRI report it's hard for me to say something more because these diseases can have many presentations. The seizure would direct more towards the head trauma rather than MS, as would the fact that the deficit has remained constant in time since the hit, without new signs, as you seem to suggest, but as I said MRI and more details are needed. I hope things work out for the best.

input: hi i had an open myomectomy 8 months after delivery and i was advice to wait for a year before trying. it looks like i am preg five months after . will my stomach explode or burst open?. i am so worried but really want the baby because i am 39 and a half . please help i had 3 subserus fib remove that weigh 600gs. this was done in germany.but i am fine no pains or scars except that i had a nerve punctured  and my lap was not responsive for almost 4 months but is ok now but for few itching.
output: Hi, there is increased chance of uterine rupture After mastectomy if you become pregnant soon. So, to heal the scar, 6 months to one year gap is recommended.  But as you have got pregnant, be a little aware that after 8 months starting, you should be cautious of any pain in abdomen.  Visit a doctor immediately if pain is there. Baby will require delivery by cesarean in most of the cases. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello i got poison ivy exactly a week ago and the rash seems to be at its ugliest stage now. Unfortunately I have it all over and around my buttocks due to peeing in the woods instead of the porter potties at a concert. But now the rash feels like a bruise and there are purple blotches within the hives that have leaked out pus for the last three days. Please help! Ive used zanfel and my doctor prescribed me a strong steroid cortisone but now my groin area lymph nodes are also swollen and hurt so I think it might be infected. :/
output: Hello, Thanks for the query. Zanfel is some herbal product. I cannot exactly say how effective it will be. You need treatment with, oral steroidsAnti histamines are also must. Please meet a dermatologist and discuss regarding this. Let me know if you have any other doubt. You can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. Thank you

input: My girlfriend is running a 111 heart rate. She is a diabetic and has a doctor appointment for the 17th and an appointment with cardio on the 19th. Should we be concerned about her waiting for the appointments with her heart rate running so high? Also has had a few chest pains on occasion but they go away.
output: Hello, I have gone through your question. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. As such I need more information on symptoms of your girlfriend. But if she has chest pain and heart rate of 111,you should get her ECG as early as possible, because in diabetics, heart disease may be deceptive and may have milder symptoms with high heart rate. So I suggest you to go for early check up, however it may turn out to be minor condition, but first we must rule out heart disease. My best wishes. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi Doctor,We have been trying to conceive from the past 8 months but in vain.The tests resulted good for my wife but disappointed me with my sperm count being 11 million with 50% motility .On consulting the Urologist , I have been prescribed Paternia and Fertile M.Can I expect any betterment on using the above tablets.Can you please help me
output: HAI, Both the Chat Doctor.  As you got 50 % motility, chance are more to conceive with this profile. With the above 

input: I HAVE NARCOLEPSY  AND MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER.PROVIGIL DOESNT WORK FOR ME BUT NUVIGIL HAS HELPED A GREAT DEAL. I CAN DRIVE WITHOUT DROWSINESS WHICH IS HUGE BUT  I DO TAKE EFFEDRINE  AND B12 DRINK SHOTS [1] A DAY TO KEEP GOING,MY DR. DOESNT LIKE ME TO TAKE EFFEDRINE BUT WOULDNT IT BE WORTH A TRY TO ADD ADDERAL XL AND DROP THE EFFEDRINE.OR AT LEAST TRY THAT COMBO SO I CAN REACH MY ENERGY POTENTIAL SO I CAN FEEL LIKE MOST 53 YEAR OLD FEEL NORMALLY SO I CAN GET MY HOUSE IN ORDER?
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor Adderall is a psycho-stimulant and its therapeutic doses improve performance on working memory tests in normal functioning individuals, and it is effective in both narcolepsy and major depressive disorder. At doses much higher than those medically prescribed, stimulants can interfere with working memory and cognitive control. Try to control its dose to avoid abuse potential. Thanks

input: sir, my uncles age is 80 years. sufferring with prostite problem and doctor kept separate pipe for urinating. from that day he is not taking any food and taking only juices and surviving on glucosebottles only.at present he is sufferring with loose motions.please suggest any medicine for fast relief please.
output: Hello, As I see the history it looks like the aging factor and also some infection in the body. Since he is having loose motions this is due to the heat in the body. Which is good to allow it to pass on. Of course, there will be a fluid loss but too much heat in the body may not be good for the physiology to function. As prostate cancer does not lead to multiple troubles unless and until the grades are higher. This can be helped with medication and if required surgery.  Also, you need to monitor the heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen saturation levels. Giving external oxygen supply through the oxygen saturation machine will be of benefit to help further. Control of blood pressure and blood glucose levels is also advised. Make sure he doesn't develop any respiratory issues as that may make him weaker. Giving a good diet which is kind of Grace will be easy for absorption and also giving electrolytes will be good to have some strength. In bed, do some passive physiotherapy to help the muscular system to be active. As this plays a good role in be Chat Doctor.  Also, see to that the catheter is removed after 2-3 weeks of time as this may not be good for the physiology to continue for a longer duration. Chances are heavy on the side of infection. Take the medication as prescribed by the doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In

input: MY HUSBAND AGE IS 31.HE IS HAVING SEISURE DISORDER IT WAS STARTED AT 27 YRS.6MONTH INTERVAL PERIOD ONLY FITS CAME . HE IS TAKING TAB.FRIZUM 10 MG AND TAB. EPILEX CHRONO MY QESTION. LIFE LONG CONTINU FOR THIS TAB! .WHAT CAN I DO FOR STOP THE FITS PROBLEM!
output: Hello, I cannot answer your question because I don't have sufficient information about his specific epileptic disorder. You must speak to the doctor about the REASON he is having such problems.  Sometimes it is possible to retire the medications if he has been seizure-free for a period of at least 2-3 years.  It doesn't sound like this is happening.  Stopping the fits means your doctor should be able to tell you EITHER the underlying cause to his episodes OR the doctor needs to find another combination or another DOSING regimen of medications that can control his episodes.  Also, you can help your husband by making sure he is well HY Chat Doctor.  You should also make sure with the pharmacist that your husband is not taking any other medications or EATING certain foods or beverages that can NEGATE the effects of his medications to control the seizures. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have recently noticed a twitch in my face just up from the corner of my mouth . Once in a while I have a twitch on my face just out side the corner of my eye . What is causing this?
output: Dear Friend, Your Description suggest that you have the initial episodes of hyper-sensitive facial nerve. This can be a precursor of hemi-facial spams. You are required to take diets rich in multivitamins especially that contains It B-12.  Consult a neurologist if the condition persists for longer duration.

input: I have been suffering from an abssess tooth going on 2 1/2 weeks.  I am scheduled to see a specialist on Thursday for a root canal; however I have developed a blister the size of a penny on the roof of my mouth.  Is it okay if I burst this blister?  Its is causing a lot of pain.
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint the blister that has caused to you is due to pus formation below the root tips of the infected tooth which at times perforates the bone and appears as a blister below the soft tissues. It is a painful condition, but you should not prick or burst the blister as it will be further painful. You should take antibiotics like Augmenting 625 mg three times a day and Tramadol 5Omg thrice a day and Pantoprazole 4Omg empty stomach once in morning.... You can apply numbing gel over the blister for local relief. You should continue with the medicine for 5 days and by then get the root canal started so that the pus finds a way to discharge, and the condition will relieve. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. .

input: i have a problem in my stomach,veins of stomach are stereching so the result is pain in lower stomach.if i put some heavy thing then pain increases.weins are stimbring automaticaly and eyes are also stimbring ,i felt lots of fatigue and mentaly stress as wel.so i am not able to concentrate on things.after that acidity also started in my stomach i am sufring from this problem for last six months.pls tel me the solution to this problem. Regards Davender Arora
output: Hi Defender, For the discomfort that you are having in the abdomen, you must consult a doctor and get a detailed examination done, including ultrasound scan and if indicated gastro-duodenoscopy to diagnose the cause of your abdominal discomfort. Once the cause is established correct treatment can be instituted. Twitching in the abdominal muscle and eyes may be due to calcium deficiency. If that is the case you will require calcium supplement. Wishing you all the best.

input: Hi, I am trying for conceive my doctor ahs advised me ovacreforte but since I have started I am getting blood discharge which is sometime high sometime low. I am scared what it is and why? I have checked over internet buit coudnt find much significance info so though of posting here. please help me in this regards. khushboo
output: Hi. The bleeding is purely coincidental in my opinion as ova care forte is a nutritional supplement which will help provide all the nutrients your fetus needs to develop and grow in a healthy and safe manner. Schedule an appointment with your doctor to find the cause for the bleeding. Best wishes.

input: I woke up about yesterday feeling dizzy but the night before i felt fine . I puked like 4 /75 times & it gasnt gotten better. everytimr i move the room start spinning but only with the light a bit on .. like tinted a bit or even if its comppetelty on. i havs Alot if pressure in my head & i cant even walk without throwing up or feeling really dizzy .. what do i do??
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms seem to be related to an inner ear disorder. What is your age? Do you have any cardio-vascular risk factors (diabetes, hypertension, etc.)? I would recommend consulting with an ENT specialist for a careful physical check up and performing labyrinthine tests. A brain MRI may be needed, especially if you have known cardio-vascular risk factors. Meanwhile, I would recommend having some rest and take plenty of fluids to remain well HY Chat Doctor.  Linearizing or betahistine may be helpful. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: My 3 yr old had a tummy ache last night, i assume she was cramping, and when going to the bathroom, she all of a sudden wanted to go in a diaper and there was a pinkish color in her mushy stool. is that pointing to an irritable bowel? She is acting normal and seems to have slept really good.
output: She might have acute bacillary dysentery. She has to be given definite or other antibiotic for that. Give her lot of fluids. If her stomach pain is severe and continuing, u have to do ultrasound abdomen for intessusceptipn...

input: Hi, I had been using a Zen Physio Deep Tissue Massaging Machine for the past 3 days which I believe has done more harm than it has good. I have a lot of pain in the lower lumber region and around my extensor muscles which go into spasm If I stand or elevate my legs. I cannot apply any pressure, so I can not stand and pain seems to be relieved when I lie down flat. Could you advise me on what would be the best thing to do?
output: U could have either a vertebral disc problem or your deep vein pathology .it requires further assessment and history which is incomplete here. Consult neurosurgeon.

input: i hav a very thin hair bt density was fine earlier .bt since last 3 years its density is decreasing ...i m applyin coconut oil with methi and neem once a week and dove shampoo..bt aftr applyin oil n when i comb my hair i get a lot of hair loss..please suggest me some remedies n how to control my hair loss and maintain my hair density gud enough
output: Hello, Thank you for posting on Chat Doctor. I appreciate your concern regarding hair fall. Hair fall is usually ascribed to multiple factors like diet and nutrition, hormones, stress, acute or chronic medical conditions, Chat Doctor. Since you have not mentioned relevant history and description like sex, pattern of hair loss(patchy/diffuse), family history etc., It's difficult to put a definitive diagnosis. Still, it seems you are suffering from either An

input: Dear Sir,I have seen some kind of pimples under my mouth without any pus inside and not going.Initially it was painful now there is no pain.But a big spreaded mark is left and embarrassing me a lot.I must tell you that I used skin lite creme over it.I it a correct cream.Please suggest me a correct cream.Now my doctor told me to use T-Bact.I am planning to buy it now.Please suggest me.Thank You.
output: When you get pimples in your mouth you have allergies with certain foods.  Ask a doctor, sometimes when your pimples start to hurt you can get an affection from it.  Ask your local pharmacist, if they can,, they will give you an illegal pill.

input: Like the 20 year old guy below, I also have a small, hard bump more than a lump on my collarbone. It is more like below the skin and I can grab it. It does not hurt. Im curious because I found another similar small bump on my right shin. Im 51 and very healthy. What are these hard bumps?
output: Hi. My opinion is that any lump should be investigated. It could be a lipoma, but these are usually soft and benign, but we need to exclude other aggressive tumors. A biopsy will give a definite diagnosis. I suggest you see a doctor who can assess and advise further. I wish you good health.

input: I havent had a period on 6 mths. Prior to the 6mths my dr gav me medroxyprogesterone after day 10 of that pill i got my pd. Since then nothing yet. Im ttc and its hard i dnt get my pd. Im 26 i have a 3 yrvold n i had no trouble getting pregnant with her. I recently started taking vitex. What can i do to make my pds normal again. I want another baby so bad but i need my pd 1st.plz help me
output: Hiiii, Welcome to Chat Doctor. You are suffering from Secondary Amenorrhea for last 6 months.Also, you are trying to conceive, and you got last period 6 m ago after taking MPA. There are several causes. First exclude possible pregnancy by doing blood test for Chat Doctor. Other causes are POD (more common), thyroid dysfunction, over wt or under wt, psychological problems, eating disorder, certain Chat Doctor. So do some primary investigations to evaluate underlying pathology. Those are USG lower abdomen, LH/FSH, blood estrogen & Progesterone level, PPBS, blood prolactin, thyroid & lipid profile. After all investigations, consult with your doctor, and you will be treated accordingly. One thing you should be concerned that MPA can cause irregular/delayed menstrual cycle or long time infertility after discontinuation. Besides, you control your body wt by regular exercise, take healthy diet with avoidance of fatty food, avoid stress, take proper sleep along with vitae & nutrient supplements. Be well.

input: i have herniated discs in my neck as a result im used to my arms and hands going numb no feeling and dropping things at times. But the other day which this has happened a few times my left fore arm locked up while washing my hair it hurt and also was numb my concern is could this be a sign of a heart attack or stroke?
output: Hi dear, When a herniated disc occurs, it can release pressure on nearby spinal nerves and the spinal cord, causing unpleasant painful symptoms, very common ones are neck pain, radiating arm pain, shoulder pain, and numbness or tingling in the arm or hand. Pain by patients are general explained as dull, aching, and difficult to localize to sharp, burning, and easy to pinpoint. Pain in your arms as well as in your neck is usually the first sign that your nerve roots are irritated by a problem in your neck. Symptoms such as numbness, tingling, and especially weakness in the muscles of your arms, are warning signs that your problem may be more serious. Weakness in your arms is a definite sign that you should see a doctor about your neck pain. So i don't think it's a heart attack sign neither a stroke. Not all patients with herniated disc require surgery. Patient can find symptomatic relief through non-surgical therapies such as exercise, medication, physiotherapy. I will really advise you to meet your consulting doctor for further management and proper treatment.I may also feel from your questing that this problem has limited your life/daily work to some degree, I can give you my honest opinion that in my clinical practice I have seen attest 95 % patient getting relief from physiotherapy and conservative management.I hope you will carry on with the treatment .TAKE CARE.

input: I know of a 14 year old girl who is frequebtly urinating in school and bed wetting. It is causing social problems for her. She has been evaluated by a urologist, but no cause was found. I suspect abuse or neglect by the parents. Is this a likely explanation?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. I have few questions for you -1. Has this kid stopped bed-wetting at certain age and again started having it2. If so at what age she stopped and when did it started she had never stopped bed-wetting form birth...you can try some behavioral changes which I can elaborate after proper history and interaction with you, but the effect will not be immediate, but it will be permanent. If it's a recurrence after attaining nighttime control, I suggest you see your pediatrician to rule out pathological causes like urinary infections or Voiding dysfunction. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: hey, i had a virus a couple of weeks ago and recovered ok. Now am worried that i have another virus or something else- i havent really slept for two nights, feel quite hot and shaky at times, have constant headaches and feel very dizzy, i also vomited last night. I do worry about things a lot and whenever i get ill i always worry and stress about it, im not sure if this is making it worse?help!
output: Hello, Thank you for posting in Chat Doctor. Post a viral infection, the convalescence period can be very long. I would advise you to record your temperature using a thermometer when you feel warm or shaky and check if you are running a fever. If you have a fever take T. paracetamol 500 mg. You can repeat this every 4-6hourly. This will control the fever. Keep your self well HY Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Physician,Currently Im taking Phenytoin Sodium EX capsules and Keppra capsules for Grand Mal seizures. Is there any special diet or anything I need to avoid daily other than the well known things (alcohol, ect.)? Im curious about some of my side effect that I seem to have sometimes, and wonder if I may be ingesting something accidentally that may be increasing side effects (household items) unknowingly? However, Diabetes run in my family history.It seems sometimes as if Im taking a lot of this seizure medication. After researching them individually I noticed they all seem to have similar side effects. Changes of : blood sugar, pressure, diet, appetite, sleep, ect. Simply, all of the negative battles that a typical diabetic may struggle with. Please, can you give me (57 ft and 155 LB ) some advise on taking : 2- Keppra 500mg tabs and 4- Phenytoin EX 100mg capsules daily.
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I agree with you that anti-epileptic Chat Doctor.  Common among them are 

input: l have osttreoarthritis of the right knee was told when the pain kept me awake at night l should go back to the hospital for a knee replacement im only 46 and very worried about this as l was told that it only last 10 years and the 2nd knee replacement is not success full
output: Dear sir /madam I would suggest if you are able to do your daily activities or household activities or can use public transport you can wait for replacement, and go for knee physio, do qua Chat Doctor. 

input: Sharp pains in lower left side and lower left back radiating to the pelvic area.  Drinking lots of water but nothing seems to ease the pain which is not constant but lasts from 15 mins to an hour.  Cannot find a comfortable position when the pain comes on.  I recently completed a 40 day ChatDoctor diet.
output: You could be having a colic and I suggest you get a few basic tests done. These include an ultrasound scan, a urinalysis, serum creatinine estimation for kidney function. A X-ray may also be required preferably early in the morning. You can take tab. Hosting for acute colic episode for pain relief. Once the test reports are available we will be in a better position to advise you. Regards.

input: I am facing from quite wierd problems, i am blank all the time , i tend to forget things just like 30 - 40- secs after it , while studying , i just keep copying thin gs from blackboard , and camnt even ermeber what was the nlast line i wrote , even if i study constantly for 6 hrs or do a heavy workout , i neither feelk fresh or tired , its the same black and dizzy mind , i have lost my identity , i dont know how to respond to phone calls, i mean what to speak , when i go to shops , i am always confused what to buy , i am feeling sleepy whole day and cant think of anything , this has effected my personal as well as social life very negitively , is this fatique or nanxiety disorder or what ?
output: Hi dear, what ever you described is suggestive of depression or negative schizophrenia, but actual diagnosis is not possible without detail history and mental status examination. Hows your mood and your interest regarding your work?sleep and appetite habit?is there any fear or auspiciousness in your behavior ? Consult psychiatrist for detail history and treatment. There are many medications which is helpful and so not to worry about it. Thank you

input: MY BP is averaging 183 / 130 since the beginning of the new year. I have resumed taking meds as there seemed to be no gain or lowering over several months. Have read about the dire consequences of such high BP and am at odds to find a way of bringing it down. The only area of which I am guilty is in the area of worry and stress. which I feel is made worse as we are no longer intimate ...for more than 3 years; and even before sex averaged 6 times a year. Any advice?
output: Hello thanks for posting here. You seem to have got resistant hypertension because your BP is not under control despite being on medications. So we must look out if there are any treatable causes of this resistant high blood pressure. A block in both the arteries supplying the kidneys is on the causes of resistant hypertension. So please do a renal artery Doppler to see whether you have kidney artery disease. Another reason is a condition Called pheochromocytoma. It is a being tumor of the Chat Doctor.  To detect that a CT abdomen can be done. So my advice is first to do a renal artery Doppler and if it is normal then a CT abdomen. Meanwhile, your BP medications should be added and changed. Wishing you good health regards

input: Hiii.....I want to ask abt my grand mum....she is 73 years old and is suffering from CKD....her creatinine is 3.2 mg/DL urea 85 uric acid 7.04 bun 38 mg/DL .her weight is 65 KGS.I want to known her stage of CKD......she is anaemic too......taking erythopotein injection once a week.
output: Hello, I have gone through your query and understand your concerns. Based upon the values you have mentioned your grandma is in stage 5 kidney disease and her GFR IS 14. If she is having symptoms then she needs dialysis at this stage but if she has no symptoms then management with medicines is needed. Please check calcium, phosphorus, PTH and renal function test monthly and take treatment accordingly. Chat Doctor. 

input: I get restless muscles after long distance endurance exercise such as a 50 mi bike ride with significant climbing. I am healthy, workout at least 7 hrs/week (includes aerobics, weights and walking) and eat well. It affects my sleep which is not good. Ideas? thank you ej
output: Hi, I think that you need to replenish mineral and micronutrients in your body after heavy exercises to keep the muscles healthy. I suggest you take regular health Chat Doctor.  And take adequate rest also. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: my brother has had fever since saturday and on  monday we took him to the doctor and they gave him amoxicilina because the throught scrape was positive but his feveer hasnt gone away and yesterday thursday we once again took him to the doctor but now since wed at night he had some pain in his right side of his stomach and yesterday the pain was around his belly button and the doct said that probably it was an appendix && Just incase it kept on hurting to take him to the hospital and now his temp is 99.9 and the pain in his stomach hurting still but now he doesnt want to eat what do you recommen to take his to the hosp. already or to wait to have another doct. appoinment??
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorThis is the case of Pyrex of unknown origin and this demands lot of investigations to rule out the possible etiology, here first is typhoid this need to be first taken into consideration and investigation need to be done in this direction, with the right diagnosis and right choice of line of treatment this comes around very well, take care have a nice day.

input: hello sir....my sons age is 9 months..he is affected with grade-II GERD....doctor prescribed junior lanzol 15 for 6 weeks...but of no use...is this curable?what should we feed to him?he is poor in weight 5.5kg v r very much worried about him he will vomit often.my email is  YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi HERD -II CAN BE MANAGED WITH MEDICATIONS.PLEASE CONTINUE MANHOLE AS ADVISED BY YOUR DOCTOR YOU CAN ALSO START HIM ON KINETICS - ON DISCUSSION WITH YOUR DOCTOR, THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS TO KEEP THE CHILD IN PROPPED UP SITTING POSITION WHILE FEEDING AND TO GIVE THICKENED FEEDS-SEMISOLID IN NATURE.MOSTLY, IT WILL COME DOWN AS HE GROWS UP.HOPE IT ANSWERS YOUR QUERY.

input: Hi I am a 17 year old male who does weightlifting 4 times a week. I have a sore right knee and it clicks everytime I bend Down and feels better when it does. Its uncomfortable and I saw my gp about it he said nothings wrong but it doesnt seem normal. Please HELP ! THANKS
output: Hello, Clicking can be a sign of damage to the cartilage or tendons of the knee. It would be best for you to see an orthopedic specialist for an exam. Regards

input: hi doctor  now a days one of my friends mom is a patcient of Septicemia with multi orgen failiure. hence i am also in touch with the relative.. since yesterday i am also suffered cold,fever and coufgh. i have already taken paracitamol+nimosulite and anti alargic. may i take some antibiotic like seftum 250mg twice per day??
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. You might be suffering from viral infection.I would adv you to do a blood test mammogram to see the total leukocyte count. If it is raised >10000/CMM then it is a bacterial infection and would need antibiotic like septum.Otherwise, viral cold infection resolves on its own. Adv-1. Steam inhalation2. Adequate rest.3. Plenty of oral fluids4. Salt water gargles.5. Medications like minaret and Monte LC can help. In case of worsening of symptoms refer to a general physician immediately, as swine flu has to be ruled out. Take care.

input: I have a 21 month old who is constantly teething and congested. Ped says hes  normal. Tonight I heard a slight wheeze when he woke up. Hes been waking overnight at least 4-5 times crying. I have a humidifier in his room on now. Does this seem to be allergy symptoms or pneumonia/bronchiolitis?
output: Hi, If you got him checked by the PED recently, and if he did not mention pneumonia/bronchiolitis, then, this is excluded.  However, I highly suggest getting him physically examined by the PED for further evaluation.  Usually, when having common cold/viral infection, the upper airways are congested and become narrowing. This is associated with difficulty in breathing.  I advise to: - do aerosol-therapy with saline-keep his nose/airways cleared/opened-give him plenty of water/fluids to avoid deny Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi I am 21 years old and i just started having sex a last month. I have used post pill five times and now a Dr. has given me MICROGYNON oral contraceptives 4 cylce to help with my period(which is a bit unstable(timing)) but i am worried about its side effects and i am willing to pay more if there is a better pill for girl my age. i am worried about its level of protection because i dont want to get pregnant since i am in college and also i am worried about its side effects......please help
output: Microgynon is a low dose oral contraceptive with minimum possible side effects. In my opinion, these should not be more than those of any other low dose oral contraceptive. Pregnancy rate with all low dose oral contraceptives is only 0.1% which is the lowest possible rate. So, in my opinion, it can be a good choice.

input: My husband and I stay in different places for work. We get to meet once in 2months and are ttc from 5 months. Intercourse is possible for 10-15 days every time we meet. We tried for conception in march, June and July. Used OPKs in June and July. Will this help while TTtc? Anything we need to be careful about???
output: Hi I think OPK will help you in getting pregnant.  Be in contact with your husband every 2 to 3 days after your periods stop. It will increase chance of pregnancy. Hope it helps.

input: My husband has a very bad cough,last year had pneumonia.He is81 years old.went to an urgent care clinic,they prescribed the following AZITHROMYCIN TABLETS OF 250mg to be taken for 7days They gave him 2 daYs in a row an injection of ROCEPHIN They want him to go back to the clinic tomorrow for another injection of ROCEPHIN Could you please tell me if this is correct,and if he shoul continue takin more injection
output: Hello dear thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. No, this is not the correct way to treat. Old age patient, with bad cough with history of previous pneumonia should be investigated to rule out pneumonia. As pneumonia in old age patient, if not treated early can lead to poor outcome. So I advise you to consult pulmonologist and get done1. Chest x-ray.2. Sputum culture and sensitivity to guide antibiotics.3. Bronchoscopy and BAD (Bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis if sputum is not available It is better to start antibiotics according to sensitivity report to achieve the greatest effect and fasten recovery. So avoid Rocephin injection further and consult pulmonologist and start treatment according to guidelines.

input: I have a dull pain in my left groin area to the side of and above my genital area about the size of my palm. Hurts every night when I lay down for about the past 6 months. Doesn t bother me enough to complain during the day. Any ideas? I m not working and don t have insurance so I haven t seen a doctor.
output: Hello, It could be a muscular pain or due to conditions like a hernia.  As a first line management, you can take analgesics like Paracetamol or Diclofenac for pain relief.  If symptoms persist better to consult a general surgeon and plan for an ultrasound scan. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I received the depo shot on August 27th. Shortly after receiving the shot I found out I was pregnant. I believe I got pregnant right before receiving the shot. I decided to terminate the pregnancy and did so on October 4th. My question is because I terminated the pregnancy should I get another depo shot right away. My next shot isnt schedule until November but I wasnt sure if the abortion effected the depo shot I already received in August. I appreciate any help on this topic. Thanks.
output: Hi and thanks for the query, I suggest you get a review from a doctor. Getting a shot of your demo at this point in time is the best idea. It is important to know how your system reacts to the demo. You might discuss other contraception options with your doctor. Wishing you the best of health. Kind regards. Feel free asking further questions through this medium. Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a HT and did not get seen until 1 year post  my fall.  I was unconscious, do not know how long.  My brain felt as if it were slashing against my skull.  I had a test and nothing showed up.  I still have dizziness, and dont feel well. my ear now drains.  Is that possible spinal fluid???  I have Ins. now and will be contacting Dr. ASAP.  I had all the sighns of a concusion.  my ears do not ring but itch
output: Hi, it is possible that CSF can Chat Doctor. It occurs in temporal bone fractures and is called CSF pyorrhea. Advised to consult neurosurgeon.

input: I am being treated for lichen scelorsis at the moment. I was told to take a bath everyday. Since starting this my psoriasis has flaired up worse than ever. Its terrible. Im using dobovate cream on it at the moment. do you think the baths might be the cause problem. Is there anything else you would recommend?
output: Hi, As you said you suffer from psoriasis and that is worsened after treatment of lichen sclerosis. You also have doubt that daily bathing is responsible. I would like to say about few lines for psoriasis.... Psoriasis is a chronic relapsing and autoimmune disease. There may be scaly plaques on various parts of the body, scaly lesions on the scalp and sometimes joint pain may be there due to politic arthritis. Exact cause is not known. Genetic tendency, autoimmunitity, stress, Chat Doctor. .etc. may be responsible for precipitation and exacerbation of the disease. You did not say what treatment you took for lichen sclerosis. If your doctor has given oral steroids or steroid injections for lichen sclerosis.that would have worsened the psoriasis. I do not believe that daily bath is responsible. I usually recommend cap accretion 10 mg twice a day along with methotrexate 15 mg weekly in three decided doses 12 hourly. This may be taken for long time till good response. Blood tests may be done to monitor the treatment. Apply mild steroid cream or calcitriol point on the lesions. For scalp psoriasis, tar shampoo may be done. You may apply moisturizer to improve the skin texture. Avoid soap bath for few weeks. Avoid stress and worries as that might worsen psoriasis. I hope you got my answer. Thanks.

input: I have a sharp pain in the middle of the spine. I had a c section 2 years ago and have gained 25 kgs during my pregnancy at it was high risk and I was n bed rest. Though I have lost 20 kgs after that but the back pain lower and recently in the middle of the spine is unbearable. I also haVe neck ans shoulder pain for quite sometime now. I am a working women and most of my work involve working on the computer.i have the pain the middle of the spine at around the spot where I was give an injection for my c section. Pls advise
output: Hi, I believe that a good physical workup should be performed to discover the most likely cause of the localized back pain. It seems that you've lost nearly all the weight you gained during the pregnancy, so mechanical causes of back pain are probably less likely.  Still a good examination to distinguish different types of back pain including the possibility of chronic pain following the c-section is worthwhile and can help identify even other causes of chronic low back.  Psychological stressors causing back, shoulder, and neck pain are very common and even physical stressors such as working on computers without proper back/neck support or not taking frequent enough breaks, or being tensed in the shoulders and arms while typing constantly can play into the picture.  In short, a number of potential causes can be in play.  A good physical examination by a good physician with proper imaging studies and other workup will do a lot of elucidate the root of your problem. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have lower back pain on my right side. It is very hard to stand in one place for more than a few minutes and bend and pick things up.  Last week I had an episode where I couldnt move it at all without screaming in pain.  That was an extreme but this has happened now about three times in the last two years. The pain standing and bending happens all of the time. I have RA and I am not interested in steroids or pain meds I just want this to stop.  I am only 42 and I can no longer excersize like I used to.   I have Florida Blue do I need a referral to see a back doctor?
output: Hello, Thanks for your query. It seems you are suffering from degenerative disc disease & it occurs due to repetitive overload or stress to the disc & it increases the risk of disc herniation & spinal canal stenosis. The main treatment of such pain is bed rest along with painkillers and muscle relaxants. Muscle relaxants can help with your symptoms if used in appropriate dosage in combination with a potent analgesic. You can get the appropriate Chat Doctor. Meanwhile, you can follow these measures:- If the pain is severe, you need bed rest till the pain resolves. - Get some analgesics prescribed and apply analgesic spray or ointments.- While resting, keep a pillow under your knees if it doesn't bother you.- Avoid lifting heavy objects.- Back strengthening exercises and stretching exercises daily as advised by a Physiotherapist.- Avoid exercises in times of pain. - Improvise your posture while sitting.- Using an LS contour belt of appropriate size might be helpful in providing support to back muscles. Also, maintain a proper posture while working, sitting and standing. Keep your back straight. Physiotherapy plays a major role in treating such conditions. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Hello! my daughter is 3+ yrs old. she is good on all activities but she is thin. she can not eat all at one go, she eats on regular interval. She is thin and her wweight is also less, currently her weight is 11kgs.. So I like to know how can I increase her weight and immune system well.Thank you,Bhavesh Vora
output: Hi Read your questioner daughter is under weight According to u your daughter eat at regular interval For weight gain u have to give her all types of food And also pulses and cereals U have to give her chelcerol sachet (one sachet on every week for 10 weeks)Also give her protein powder if not taking pulses in food Give food regular intervals but healthy food not biscuits or refers and other junk food Give daily morning Paley(spinach) soup which contains iron Also give her weather fruits and vegetable. If not gaining at properly then consult pediatrician and ask him/her for diary chart for your daughter

input: i am in pain with h&h and its so painful. i am on that on medication that starts with an A. i have always been depressed but its gotten to the point where i dont care about the depression and i just want this gone!!!! it its the wrost pain ever. if we are being honest i will tell you i truely want to die. its sad but true life isnt worth living when you are in pain every day. people can say they accomplish everything when you are disablied but truely its not true. i hate this sh and i am sick of being in pain. my doctor has no clue what to do
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Clinical depression is usually treated with a combination of psychiatric medicines, psychotherapy, lifestyle changes, meditation and exercise. I hope you are undergoing psychiatric treatment, otherwise, please approach a psychiatrist. The pain you are mentioning here is due to your obsession with the pain. You should engage yourself in creative activities and agile games. Rest will be taken care by the medicines. Don't be obsessive and panic. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: My 10 month old daughter woke up with deep circles under her eyes and eye discharge so thick she had trouble opening her eyes.  Her eyes are swollen but the whites of her eyes are not pink.  She also has dark colored mucus draining out of her nose.  If I go to the urgent care, will they give me Rx for her or send me home and say its just a cold?
output: Hello, Yes, it is just cold with secondary bacterial infections with purulent eye discharge suggestive of conjunctivitis. Start antibiotic Chat Doctor. 

input: I fell of my bike knees first my rt leg is healing but my left knee is not doing so well my bottom leg is still numb in some areas and i elevate my leg and take pain meds and the pain is 4/10 but once i step on my leg pain can be 8/10 with heat on the numb area please advise
output: That paid is due to nerve ending injury due to trauma.u can go for ultrasonic physiotherapy treatment and oral methylcobalamine500 tablets daily once 4 one month

input: Hi Doctor, Nice you have given us a chance to clarify doubts via online! Ah im Ahamed from Sri Lanka, so hope you know what our skin colour is. Actually I wanted to become fairer because I wanted to attract my girlfriend as well as to have a change in life... So the only person can help me is YOU!!! My skin type: oilyAge: 16Ah so please let me know a good fairness cream which will turn me fair within a month, please DoctorThank you...
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Skin color I genetically determined. Asian skin is type IV skin which contains fair amount of melanin and is prone to tan quickly as compared to Caucasians/ people in the west who have very less melanin. Skin type cannot be changed but regular use of a broad spectrum sunscreen gel, which offers protection against both UVB and UVA, can be used to prevent sun induced tanning. A cream containing one or more of the following ingredients e.g. comic acid, glycolic acid, abuts, magnesium absorbed phosphate etc. can be use once daily at night to lighten up the tan and impart even tone to the complexion. Hope this helps you regards

input: Hi I have pain on the right side of my back upper right hand quadrant like dull and stuff but certain movements make it more sore. After having cream put on it this evening there seems to be likely swelling just below the shoulder blade to the right hand side just below and back from the armpit
output: Hi, as you mentioned your symptoms it looks more of the pain towards the shoulder blade, and it is due to inflammation. You can under therapeutic ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy for reducing the inflammation and pain. Also performing Myofascial release will help the muscle fibers relaxed. Seems like, it is trapezius muscle spasm pain which can be latter helped by performing Strengthening exercises. A physical therapist will help you further is needed any deep understanding. Usually patients recover within a week of time under the physical therapist guidance. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor. 

input: i am 30 and have no erection provlems but about 10 years ago i tried to masturbate over a pillow and while making to and fro motion over pillow i felt that i hurt someting in my penis but feeling was not so strong.since then i have provlems of less stiffened penis though no erection provlems.during musterbation i am not able toget full pleasure.please advice me what i should do sir
output: Dear user, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. According to your description, there is almost nil possibility to have traumatic injury causing erectile dysfunction in your case. Let me know whether you achieve and maintain an erection in sleep, in the early morning or during masturbation then there is no need to be worried about. It is likely due to performance anxiety. For continuous erection, there must be constant erotic/romantic thoughts, feelings, and sensations in your mind. If your mind is diverted to concern about erection, you will lose erection or have delayed or no erection. This failure causes you worried more during next time and again makes you focusing on your erection rather than enjoying erotic feelings. You may read Senate focus on internet. I suggest psychological counseling with psychiatrist. Wish you good health.

input: My five year old son just complained of a lump on his gum. the lump is soft and when he pressed blood came out. the lump look a bit dark (perhaps from the blood) It is near his bottom teeth that are coming in crooked. What signs of infection should I look for.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. The lump which is bleeding is itself is an indication of an infection. Get him to be seen by the Dentist and get a proper treatment ...

input: Hello... I have been feeling very depressed for ages, I forgot how long, all I know is that my depression is always somewhere, sometimes, I feel no emotion, empty, hopeless, angry, lonely, depressed, sad, isolated, grief, and very guilty for no reasons. Almost every single symtom for depression and major/severe despression fits me, except maybe one or two. I think this was caused from 8 months or more of loneliness and isolation at school, having no friends. I also have social phobia, an eating disorder, sleeping disorder, crossed-eyes, and more weird and strange diseases. D:
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I have gone through your available history. It is very common to have depression as a comorbid condition with phobia and eating disorder. You must consult psychiatrist for detailed evaluation and management. There are very good Chat Doctor.  Doctor may prescribe antidepressants like paroxetine or fluoxetine. Meanwhile, you can also do stress management and relaxation therapy like breathing exercise and yoga. I hope you will be fine soon. Thanks.

input: Recently, I had a tooth that had previously been treated with a root canal to abcess.  The dentist discovered the problem with the abcess when a new crown was going to be placed, where the original tooth and crown broke off recently.  The dentist put me on a antibotic for one week.   I have a extremly sore neck and right shoulder blade for the past 2-3 weeks, I read that this could be due to the lymph nodes in my shoulder processing the infection from the abcessed tooth.  It is the holidays and my regular doctor is not available.  Should I wait another week to see if the swelling goes down?
output: Hi.  This isn't from your infection or your lymph nodes may have a pulled neck muscle, but you may also have a disk problem in your neck, so you need to have this evaluated to see if you need an MRI scan of your neck

input: Hi I fell at work, hit my face and fell on my left side and left knee, which bruised my nose which has now healed and my knee was black and blue, but it s starting to really hurt when I walk, I strapped it up and it seemed to help, however today I got home and my leg has doubled in size my leg aches, and my ankles have disappeared! Very swollen! Do I go to the doctors? Keep putting ice on it? In need of advice-leanne
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. From description, it seems to be soft tissue injury. You need an x-ray to rule out any bony injury. I suggest you to consult an orthopaedician nearby for a detailed examination. You may get the X-ray of the area affected under his/her guidance. Beside icing and elevating it, you can take anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Hi, the left side of my lower abdomen just above my pubic area feels bruised when I press it. I am not pregnant, and I just started feeling this yesterday evening. My period is 14 days away and I do not remember bumping into something but it might be a possibility that I did. I have no trouble using the toilet, and no pain unless I press against my lower abdomen. I hope you can help! Thanks
output: Hi, Thanks for the query. Pain in the abdomen can be due to various reasons. During the menstrual cycle, ovulation (release of eggs from ovary) takes place around 14 days prior to the start of menstrual periods. Occasionally some people feel pain in the abdomen during that time. Other than that, if you have any other symptoms relating to your bowel movements or urination, those also could be a cause. You can wait for 2-3 days to see if the pain is subsiding by itself. If it does not subside, then it is better to get examined by your family physician. You can also get an ultrasonography of the abdomen done to see if any abnormalities is happening there. Hope I have cleared your concern. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance to you. Thank you. Regards

input: Hi Doctor,Im 22 year old and I have been having minor depression for the past 6 months.About 4 months ago I passed out at work due to the pain in period, my doctor suggested me taking birth control pills. Im getting worse with my depression and Im worrying the birth control pills not helping with my depression although they helped my period problem.  Im feeling hopeless, please help!Hopeless
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I can understand. Birth control pills do have these problems. Have you got diagnosed your mild depression from a psychiatrist / psychologist? You cannot diagnose depression yourself. There are certain criteria and need to diagnosed deferentially. You could just be disappointed and irritated. In such a condition also symptoms that resemble depression manifest, but are short-lived. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have two dry patches on the palm of both hands and have had it for over a year now. It itches from time to time but not always. I continually keep moisterizers on it. I am a nurse and wash my hands alot but have not changed soaps or skin moiturizer since it started. I have never had any allergies to anything and am 61yo. what could it be?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, You could be having a type of eczema which is known as pompholyx where one gets multiple tiny Chat Doctor. These are usually seasonal and occurs over palm and also on soles and side of fingers. You can apply a steroidal cream like mometasone and a good moisturizing cream. However, the correct diagnosis can only be made after careful inspection of your skin of palm by skin specialist. Hope this answer will help you.

input: hi i can you tell me what my blood test results mean Hematology WBC H 16.2 4.0 - 11.0 10*9/L RBC H 5.97 4.30 - 5.90 10*12/L Hemoglobin 168 135 - 180 g/L Hematocrit 0.50 0.41 - 0.52 L/L MCV 83 80 - 100 fL MCH 28.1 27.0 - 34.0 pg MCHC 339 323 - 365 g/L Platelet Count 324 150 - 400 10*9/L Differential Neutrophils H 8.7 2.0 - 8.0 10*9/L Lymphocytes H 5.9 1.0 - 4.0 10*9/L Monocytes H 1.2 0.9 10*9/L Eosinophils 0.3 0.8 10*9/L Basophils 0.0 0.3 10*9/L Granulocytes Immature 0.1 0.2 10*9/L RBC Morphology RBC Morphology Normal
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, I am Chat Doctor Look, the blood report indicates high WBC counts with high absolute neutrophil count.  It indicates presence of bacterial infection.  Other parameters are not problematic.  Consult with your treating doctor for the broad spectrum antibiotic.  Regards.

input: i have a small lump (approx 2.5cm) on the medial aspect of my lower leg, just at the medial side of the musculotendinous junction of the gastroc muscle.. i have previous history of Medial Tibial Stress Syndrome (no problems with this recently as i ve not been running) and hypermobility.. pain weight bearing today prompted me to massage the area and i have found this lump and so discontinued massage. 24 year old female, 170kg
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* This lump is indicative of soft tissue lesion in form of sebaceous cyst, lipoma, neurofibroma or else. Hope this will help you for sure . Wishing you fine recovery. Welcome for any further guidance. Regards .

input: My 10 month old daughter has been sick for the last month now. I have taken her to her pedi 3 times now, and I still don t feel she has gotten any better. It started as a normal cold that seemed to have gotten better after about a week then about 2 days after that got worse in a matter of overnight, so I called the Dr. and they saw her and said it was probably just post nasal drip, again after a few days seemed to be a little better, and within a few days after that got worse again. I took her in again to find she had an ear infection. The Dr. put her on augmentin which she had a reaction to which gave her a terrible diaper rash so I called once again and they changed her med to azithromycin and probiotics. I still see no change in her cough..it is a frequent cough that at times gags her. I am very concerned that she should have gotten better by now. What should I do?
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor . From your history I concluded that your baby has upper respiratory tract infection. Azithromycin is a good choice and complete a five-day course.Meanwhile, remedy for cough must be done. I suggest Cetirizine (rigid) a non-sedative anti-allergic. Ivy leaf extract ( Chat Doctor.  & Syrup Terbutaline (Brittany). Hope you find this answer satisfactory. Good luck

input: Can this be throat cancer?i have been suffering with pain in and around my ear fire about two mos now I saw an ent who said no ear infection I even saw a neurologist who said no nerve damage, sometimes I feel tiredness in my face as well my dentist said I should be checked for tmj I m twenty four and a smoker please help
output: Hi, Why do you smoke when you are so worried about getting a cancer? You have visited an ENT specialist, a Neurologist and a Dentist; none of them have detected any cancer; hence cancer should be highly unlikely. Moreover, your Dentist seems to be suggesting that your ear pain could be due to TMJ arthritis; which could be true. In that case eat soft foods and do not chew on that side for couple of weeks. Nevertheless, you need to quit smoking; otherwise the cancer can catch up soon in any smoker, and you may not be an exception. Sreenivasan

input: my dad is 74, his kidneys are functioning at 6%. He has enlarged prostrate glands but the doctors are not concerned of this at the moment. He is not on dialysis and is doing quite well for a person whos kidney function is at 6%. Can prostrate glands affect the kidney function and bring it down to this level of function?
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. Benign prostates' enlargement is most common among male around 60 years. This prostate will not make any impact over kidney, so need not worry. When retention of urine, if occurs than get treatment of prostate enlargement. Usually it is 18-20 gm, is mote than 30 gm get a treatment from a surgeon. Conservative treatment is sufficient, surgery not necessary. Good luck. 

input: Hi, my 16 month old daughter is having loose motion followed by watery motion.. She also having running nose. THE frequency of motion is 03 times approximately in a day. My baby is in general active and is showing no other issues. Kindly suggest can I giveher ofloxacin and omidazole suspension and in what Quantity?
output: Hi, Nothing to worry, an infant passing motions 3-4 times in a day is common. If it is more watery and good amount than she might require anti-diarrhoeal medicine. Give her enough water and ORS liquid. Ok and take care.

input: I had started masturbation at the age of 20 and now i am 24..i used to masturbate daily..i have been facing problems of soft penis, premature ejaculation, soft erection, reduced interest in sex also no erection in the morning. I have stopped masturbTing from 10 to 15 days but with no improvements..I am very worried and dont know what to do Please help
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. The problems you are mentioning here like soft penis, premature ejaculation, soft erection, reduced interest in sex also no erection in the morning etc. are due to psychological problems rather than physiological problems. You should consult a psychologist or sexologist for counseling. If you still need my assistance in this regard, please use this link. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Please remember to describe the whole problem with full detail. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have a pricking and pushing, spasmodic pain in my lower abdomen since 2-3 weeks. An ultrasound of the abdomen and pelvis shows a normal study . I have acidity and gastric problem specially early in the morning and subsides after having breakfast. My pain worsens the moment I get stressed.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, This can be treated with anti-spasmodic and gastric medicines along with antibiotics.  Hope your doctor prescribed the same.  Continue the same medicines as prescribed by your doctor.  Chat Doctor.  Do you have pain in left lower abdomen?  In my opinion you can do barium meal 24 hour picture to rule out diverticulitis.  Do you have fever, constipation or diarrhea? May be scope study will give clear picture.  Also stool ova and cyst lab study will be useful to rule out meiosis.  Wish you speedy recoveryThanks

input: My 12 year old daughter suffered from tachycardia a couple of months ago. She is perfectly healthy, active. By the time she was brought into the ER by ambulance from school her heart rate was 205 bpm. She had an ultrasound and heart monitor all results were normal.We found a large amount of mold in her room behind her dresser and under it, could this episode be due to mold exposure?
output: Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious disease specialist, answering your concern. Mould never causes tachycardia. Mould can cause respiratory infection, superficial or subcutaneous infection. Mould has nothing to do with the heart, so it never causes tachycardia. But having large mold at home is serious issue and can cause other health issues. I suggest you to do some engineering method to remove those molds, or you can spray some fungicidal chemicals that can cause destruction of the mold. In long period it can cause allergic reaction to you and your child Chat Doctor. I will be happy to answer your further concern you can contact me here, or you can contact me on bit.ly/

input: I was hospitalized a month ago for a 10 mm kidney stone stent was removed two weeks ago now. I had a preemployment physical today and was told higth level of ketones in urine. I noow have severe backpain dizziness and vomitting....should this all be a concern linked to a possible stone?
output: Ketone s in your urine suggest your blood sugar levels not in control, it's not related to stone, maintain God blood sugar levels will remove ketone s from your urine

input: For about the last year I have had wheezing.  And it sounds like its deep in my throat - not my chest.  Recently I have developed a metallic taste when I cough or sneeze.  I do not have a chronic cough just seasonal allergies.  My doctor gave me Zegerid because I have heartburn pretty often.  It helped the wheezing the first time I took it.  But I just tried it again and it didnt help as much.  I also have a Dulera inhaler that helps the wheezing.  I am about 40 pounds overweight so I wonder if that contributes too.  Im a little worried about this.  Anything you can give me would be helpful.  THANKS
output: Hello, You may have sleep apnea, which can be related with your overweight. Wheezing is due to obstruction of bronchial tree, for which you can take bronchodilators. As you are having metallic taste, there may be retropharyngeal infection. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am on Depo I got my shot a week late. Me and my Fiance had sex a week ago.That next morning I was spotting pink only when wiped.While I was at work 2 days after it was a little pink in my underwear once again I wiped and it was a small amount on the toilet paper. We have a 5 month old son and I am breastfeeding
output: Hi Hope this message finds u in good health. I have gone through your msg and understand your concern.it may be due to some sort of hormonal imbalances or variations in the body, though there may be other reasons as reclothing to worry about, You should eventually get back to normal. Take multi vitamin and calcium supplements Do consult a gynecologist if symptoms worsened back to me for any FOLLOW-UP QUERIES anytime. Chat Doctor. .(MBBS, MS,MCH)

input: Hi, my boyfriend is experiencing some tummy problems with it rumbling and feeling generally uncomfortable. He also has quite a high fever and his skin is pretty sensitive. He had breakfast and lunch but is feeling too weak to eat anything now. He tried to vomit, but to no avail. Is this just because his system is run down due to stress and exhaustion or is it something more serious? He rrecently started taking vitamin b supplements, but im not sure whether or not he is still taking them. Any suggestions?
output: Hello, You are talking about a weakness, upset stomach, discomfort, high fever and sensitive skin. Vitamin B supplements may not have anything to do with his present conditions.  Because he has high fever, it should not be taken lightly. Therefore, my advice would be to consult a doctor earlier.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.  V. Anand, Psychologist

input: ive been trying to get pregnant via iui.. ive been taking progynova 3 tablets 2mg daily.. ive been through the 2ww and on the 15th day i tested which was a negative.. i carried on taking the tablets as i did not want to believe i was not pregnant and re took the test 2 days later which was on the 2nd of jan.. i also stopped the tablets the same day as i got another negative.. but im yet to have a period.. could i possible be pregnant..
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you have done the urine pregnancy test which had come negative, the chance of you being pregnant are rare. I recommend you to wait for your periods which should come within 1 week of the expected time. If you miss your periods only then repeat the urine pregnancy test to know your pregnancy status. Hope that answers your question.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I am RAJE,Female,24 yrs..I had a polycystic ovaries and I have done follicular study for 2 times as well as HSG also and for my husband age -30-he has count -110 & motility as 25-28...so Doctor referred him for Scrotalscan with Doppler-In that report Left side Varcicole is mentioned......What to do for next step  Thanking You Warm RegardsRAJE
output: Hello First about Varicocele:Operation for VARICOCELE is not indicated unless there is :(1)pain;(2)serious depression of spermatogenesis (oligospermia) . In your husband there is abnormality in count as well motility, so I advise you please get in surgery for varicocele for your husband. This will not only improve quality of sperm as well counts. Now about PCs (Poly Cystic Ovarian Syn Chat Doctor. Using birth control pills can sometimes help regulate hormone levels so that cysts can be taken care of. Your gone will likely want you to come back (after the use of oral pills) after you have been on the oral control pills (some doctor also advise cyproterone acetate for this purpose)to see if the cyst is gone. At that time doctor may suggest you stop using the medication or if indicated, you Amy need to continue it for a bit longer. So for you consult an INFERTILITY specialist and get his opinion and surgery for your husband. Hope this will help you.

input: Yes. I m 63 yrs old. I missed the bottom step going out onto my patio about 8 weeks ago. At first I thought I had a sprain on my right ankle. I iced it for a day or so and it got a little better but he pain seems to have moved from the outside of my ankle to the front part. And I m still having pain when I have been sitting for a while or when I try to twist it. Help!
output: Hello, I would like to have more information from you regarding whether the ankle was black and blue. Usually, the ankle sprain should have been gone by now. I am afraid that you have some kind of fracture, and you missed it. So, I would suggest you to do ankle x-rays and consult an orthopedic surgeon. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: A couple weeks ago, my cousin was injured in a car accident. Trauma to the head and other injuries. My aunt emailed this morning and said: The Emergency room doctor told us that his heart was beating but his brain was dead and all doctors in the room decided to stop to help him. I have two questions which I m seeking an opinion on: 1. If a brain is dead, can the heart continue to function for a long period of time? In this case, I think it had to be 20 minutes from the time of the accident to the time the ambulance arrived at the ER. 2. Wasn t termination of further medical assistance really up to the next-of-kin? I m just looking for a simple explanation or non-binding opinion. Any assistance on this matter that you could extend to me would be appreciated. I have to go visit my aunt on Tuesday and I d like to have these answers so that I go with some peace of mind before I see her and make her more upset than she already is. Thank you for your time and help.
output: Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. If your cousin is diagnosed with brain death (there are examinations that determine it, EEG, cerebral and brain stem reflexes absent, etc.) then his heart can beat for an indefinite time if there is medical support, if no heart will stop soon. The time that human brain resists without oxygen is 3 to 5 minutes, beyond this time (without blood and oxygen) happens brain death and if the diagnosis is correct there is nothing to do to help him. Sorry I have to say this. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions.

input: These are the symptoms I found in a patient: impaired cognition, dystonia, early onset, dementia, dysarthria, muscle plasticity, personality change, muscle twitch, loss of eye control And the disease was found to be recessively inherited via a DNA test. How do I know what the disease this patient has? (I am a student)
output: Considering symptomatology and AR inheritance following are the differential 1. Neuroacanyhocytosis2. Wilson disease3. Some varieties of NOPD e.g. PARK 15.4. NBIA5. If it is not AR then also consider SCA 3, Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi,All I do for the past 6 months is go to work, come home, drink scotch while watching tv. Over the weekends, I am on the couch drinking and watching tv. I dont answer calls and I dot call. I love the quiet and being alone. What is wrong with me? I used to be active in church, had many friends and used to go to the gym and to dance. I have since added 60 pounds.
output: Hi, The short history that you had given suggests" decreased social interaction".probable Cause of decreased social interaction- Dysthymia, Depression, stress(physical/psychological/financial .....) or it might be personality problem.  I suggest you go for psychological evaluation to a psychologist/psychiatrist. You will definitely get help. Hope this helps and clarifies your concern. Wishing you good health. Chat Doctor. 

input: I am coughing a lot feel very weak when I eat, food doesn t go down easy. I do have asthma but this doesn t seem to be in my lungs, more in my chest, also out of breath alot. Can t seem to walk more than 5 feet with out losing all air. I m almost 67 and am 5ft.4in.tall and weigh 115 lbs.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you are mostly having acute exacerbation (worsening) of asthma. This is the cause for your constant cough, weakness and breathlessness. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. PUT (Pulmonary Function Test). PFT will tell you about severity of the disease and treatment of asthma is based on severity only. You will need inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol, albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (budesonide or fluticasone). Combination of antihistamine and anti-allergic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I am a man 38yrs ild. Healthy and workout 3 times a weekI have developed small lumps around my both my nipples. I eel a light pain when i press them. They appear red from outside. I have taken pictures of the same that i can send. Please advise what they could be and that if I need to see my doctor in this refard.
output: Welcome. I have gone through your query. It is difficult to comment on it without examination, so I would either suggest you to see doctor for examination and for exact diagnosis or upload the pictures here, I'll go through them, and provide you with specific advice. Hope this helps. Take care

input: I recently started having a rash. Red, slight burn, not really a lot of itching. It comes and goes. On my chest, arms, legs, top of feet. Not eating or doing anything new. However, I have been suffering with sinus issues. Rash appeared before I took any medication.
output: Hi, I feel that you suffer from allergic urticaria. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment.  There may be some allergens responsible for the disease. Sinusitis is also due to allergy. Trial and error method may be done to find out allergen. Those may be some dietary factors like dairy products, seafood eggs, cows milk, soy protein, banana, fermented food or some contact ants like perfume, grass, pollen, wool, dust, soap, insects, etc. Tab. Fexofenadine thrice a day will alleviate your ailments. Apply soothing lotion like calamine lotion. If needed, the oral steroid in a tapering dose may be taken after visiting your doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: This is general question. what is laparoscopy? Why it is done? Any risks?
output: Laparoscopy is a surgery that uses a thin, lighted tube put through a cut in the belly to look at the abdominal organs or the female pelvic organ. Laparoscopy is used to find problems such as cysts, adhesions, fibroid and infection. Tissue samples can be taken for biopsy through the tube. In many cases laparoscopy can be done instead of laparotomy surgery that uses a larger incision in the belly. Laparoscopy can be less stressful and may have fewer problems and lower costs than laparotomy for minor surgeries. It can often be done without needing to stay overnight in the hospital. Laparoscopy is done to check for and possibly take out abnormal growths such as tumors in the belly or pelvis, check for and treat conditions such as endometriosis, ectopic pregnancy or pelvic inflammatory disease, find conditions that can make it hard for a woman to become pregnant, do a biopsy, to look whether cancer in another area of the body has spread to the belly, check for damage to internal organs, such as the spleen, after an injury or accident, do a tubal ligation, fix a hiatus hernia or an inguinal hernia, removal of organs, such as the uterus, spleen, gallbladder, ovaries and appendix. Partial removal of the colon can also can be done and also to find the cause of sudden or ongoing pelvic pain. Risks include bleeding from the incisions, infection and damage to an organ or blood vessel. This may cause more bleeding that needs another surgery to repair.

input: Hello . I have a family member that recently had a pelvic exenteration which removed the cancer but recently came back. It is now in the place where her bladder would have been. She has lost a tremendous amount of weight & is too weak for chemo. What other options does she have ?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Cancer is a challenging condition but must be treated till the end. If your family member had a cancer near bladder mouth then she must have had locally infiltrate disease requiring exoneration. This is a surgical procedure by which most of the tumor and its adjacent structures are removed. Even after surgery, seeding of cancer cells might take place and has happened in her case. If there is recurrent growth of cancer then she must take combination treatment with chemotherapy and radiation. As you have mentioned that she is too weak for chemotherapy therefore focused radiation remains the most tolerable treatment at the moment, but this depends on the general condition and local recurrence of the disease. Please have a discussion with the cancer surgeon and radiation oncologist and proceed with treatment as per the outcome of discussion. Please do not worry.

input: My doctor has suggested me to take tablet ovnac plus after the process of IUI ( on 10th day of my period), I am feeling lazzy and weak kindly suggest me shall I continue with this tablet? and in which manner it will help me in my pregnancy, and what are the side effects of this tablet?
output: Hi I think you need some progesterone to support the implantation. Talk to your doctor regarding this.  The tablet which you are taking can be an insulin sensitizer but I don't use it generally.  Discuss with your doctor regarding the exact purpose for which it is being used in your case because you have not mentioned whether house have pod problem of not.

input: was diagonalized to be suffering from early stage of Parkinson disease . The only symptom was minor shaking of hands while at rest and few occasions while holding a cup . MRI scan is normal. I was told to take Parkin tablets in the mornings and afternoons and Promipex 3 times a day. Promipex made me sleep and act strangely and talk unrelated topics twice and i have stopped it. I am fine now and my Neurologist says I am close to normal
output: Hello, Probably the dose that you were given was too much for early Parkinson's disease. You had the side effects of these medications. If you are reasonably fine without medication then you need not start it now. In early Parkinson which is not interfering with your daily activities Chat Doctor.  All the 

input: I just woke up now and noticed a tiny ball-like swell on my upper lips, i have been experiencing this for some time but its been over 3 months since i last saw one. I pressed it and it dissolved with little pain. Also after morning brushing, i notice this white stuff like dead cells in my mouth, this has been going on for a while. Please can anybody explain what is going on? Thanks
output: Hello and welcome. Please mention do you have associated cough cold? Do you ever had any viral infections.? Do you find these lesions on lips only?have you experienced them before too? Please do not touch them with bare hands it might cause infection too. Requires clinical examination. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.

input: Lately, I have had an issue of having to urinate more often than usual. Until recently, I would go in the morning when I got up, at night before bed, and maybe once during the day. But now I feel the urge many times during the day. I don t have any problem when I go, no burning or pain, and always a strong, steady stream. But now, seemingly 15-20 minutes after I go, I feel like I need to go again. My bladder always feels full except for immediately after urinating. I have had a problem with kidney stones in the past, and have suspected that may be part of the problem. I m 62 (and I suspect THAT may also be part of the problem) and in fairly good health. I just want to make sure there is nothing more serious that needs to be addressed.
output: Hi, It is important to know your gender. In males, it is most likely due to enlarged prostate. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I have occasional feelings like an electric shock that run from my fingertips and up my arm towards my heart.  It always happens at night while I am sleeping and I wake screaming and shaking, hitting my arm to make it stop, afraid that I am about to die (if it gets to my heart).  This has been happening for about four years (every few months).Could this be related to B-12 deficiency?  I am a Raw foodist and I have low B-12 and low iron and vitamin D.  I did read something recently that said B-12 deficiency can cause nervous system problems (which this would appear to be), so I ate meat for the first time in many years, but I have stopped as i am not comfortable eating meat, and it seems b12 supplements have more b12 than meat anyway, but now this has happened again and very badly, so I am again uncertain...
output: Hello, Sharp shooting pain which travel fast and on and off, comes and goes are usually related to multivitamin deficiency. You should go for proper treatment- it D supplement: 60K/ week *4 weeks ; then calcium with it. D tablets daily for 4-6 months. For B12- injectable given I'm alternate days - six to eight injections suffice. You should also start proper iron folic acid with zinc tablets daily - for iron deficiency management Hope the reply is useful

input: About a year ago, I had a root canal on a tooth. Yesterday I went to my dentist because I thought the filling had fallen out. Turns out that the tooth was cracked and split in two. The dentist pulled the loose half out. He suggested a crown but said I had to wait until the area heals. Today, the material from the root canal fell out. I called my dental office and was told that as long as it doesn t hurt, I m okay. I don t know what to do.
output: Hello, thank you for consulting with Chat Doctor. Actually when a tooth is split in 2 halves then the treatment depends on two things, if the split is extended till the gums then you have to go for extraction of tooth, as there can be further infection. And if the doctor is asking you to wait this means that the split is superficial, but still if material has come out then you should go for re-restoration. Hope it will help you.

input: is mazetol and tegretol same for a boy of 11yrs and taking medicine for 8 yrs.earlier it was 200 mg twice daily and now tegretol 200mg morning and 300 mg in the evening.He is anemic now and affecting his studies.Whom should we show and what should we do?Please help.
output: Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your clinical history and query, my opinion is as follows:1. Due to his growth, the dosage is increased in evening. However, both are same Chat Doctor. 2. Anemia is important and needs to be treated. Meet a pediatrician and get a complete hologram done to identify morphological type of anemia and treatment can be started based on it. Specific tests may be necessary, if reticulocyte count does not increase after 15 days of treatment.3. Diet can also be improved with eggs, fish, green leafy vegetables, red meat etc. It will help in improving anemia. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.

input: Dear sir; I am a 45 y/o female RN with above average intelligence. In the last 6 months i was recently prescribed 30 mg adderall bid and effexor 325mg QD for depression, motivation and attention. While I don t have a real substantial hx of any physical nor mental dx s, my gene pool has several. ADHD , Tourette s, Asperger s, ODD, OCD, Depression, Bi-polar, Anxiety, Anger, IVDA, Polysub, ETOH. There is no schizophrenia , no suicide nor homocidal behavior. I am seeking answers to my behaviors that don t seem to be quite in-step with the general population, because I have always (mostly) brought out the worst in people, make them angry, resentful, assaultive (both physically and mentally), without meaning to at all. I am straight-forward, and am surprised when it s not appreciated and am perceived as mean.
output: Hello...... Thanks for your query. You have a family history of multiple psychiatric disorders while the medication prescribed appear to be for ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder)/depressive disorder. However, the symptoms you report fit into cluster "B" personality disorder. The facts do not fit in together. I suggest you undergo evaluation of your personality profile and get back to us with the complete symptom profile and treatment records for a better understanding. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I broke my collar bone close to the end near my arm... Im a dance teacher mostly break dance. I want surgery to make sure this heals correct. One dr told me if I make it worse by dancing then he will put in a plate. Should i find a dr who will do what i want?
output: Hello, Surgery may be needed. But, you are not a doctor, and you have no experience in this field. I recommend consulting with a different orthopedist for a second opinion. Then, after consulting with two doctors, you may be able to decide what is best for you. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: A year ago I injured my right hip and lower back from a 15mph fall off a longboard. I did not seek a doctor and over time felt better. I am now experiencing lower back pain after physical activity, which has never happened before. I usually notice it when I lay down at the end of the day and I get a sudden rush of pain in my lumbar section of the spine. If I slowly turn on my side and lay in a curled position the pain will eventually recede. This has been happening for several months and has not improved.
output: Hither must be neglected soft tissue injury if lower back presenting now. Do hot packs, avoid forward bending, wear lumbosacral brace in daytime, apply muscle inflammatory gel like vita ran gel twice after fomentation. Seek orthopedic doctors consultation

input: according to my Radiographic Findings, there is small ovoid calcific density noted in the peripheral portion of the right midlung. Heart is normal in size. Both hemidiaphragms, costopheric sulci and visualized bones are intact. Doc can u explain to me the meaning of that in a very well explanation for my better understanding about that. thank you very much doc.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are having calcified opacity in peripheral portion of right middle lobe. Calcification in lung tissue almost always suggest benign lesion. This might be due to previous lung infection like tuberculosis or pneumonia or lung injury. Lung diseases heal by fibrosis or calcification. And this calcification remains as it is throughout the life. No treatment is required because this is benign, scarred lesions. Don't worry about this calcified opacity. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: pain in my lower back ,that travels down to my testicle. my dr. has checked my prostate took a script of cypro antibiotics.had polyps removed from my colon. my dr. has me on muscle relaxers and tramadol for pain,but with no dianogis. I have been hurting for 5 wks.
output: His understand your concern. Testicular pain can need assessment by scrotum color Doppler. Color Doppler can rule out underlying pathology in testis. Back pain has many reasons. Analgesic with physiotherapy can help. MRI spine is also indicated if not improved with medicines. Consult and get help. Still have a questions then feel free to ask. Thank you. Get well soon.

input: My blood pressure is usually 127/77 pulse between 60-100. I started to drink coffee and just in the last day. My body is now 147/87 pulse between 80 to 130. I have woking up hot cold seats last two nights after I wake up I feel better just do no how the dramatic change in 3 days. I am on lartsartan 50/25 hrtc
output: Dontvworry...just take enough sleep.....Chang in biological cycle may cause such issue .......don't take much coffee.....usually not more than 1 or 2 times a day is added

input: My five year old just got real dizzy and fell, I am not sure why. Could it be blood sugar? She had pancake for breakfast with syrup, a root beer at lunch and then a cookie. This has never happened. She had not had anything to drink for the day other than that root beer. Please advise!
output: Hi.... I understand your concern. By what you say I feel that this could be a transient ischemic attack or a type of seizure called Complex partial seizure or a rhythm disturbance in the heart. I suggest you consult your pediatrician and get an ECG, ECG and echocardiography. We can proceed further based on reports. Regards - 

input: Hi, for about 4 days to a week I have had a tight chest and a cold feeling in the back of my throat. The chest tightness moves around or even goes away sometimes but for the most part it in the base of my lungs or sometimes a bit lower than my rib cage. Right now its directly in the centre of my chest, It also feels like something needs to be cleared from deep in the back of my throat every so often when I breathe in. I do or did smoke. Ive made a conscious effort to stop but its only been a couple of days. Im worried its something very serious. I have suffered from anxiety for over a decade but Im well attuned to that to identify that it isnt the issue here. At least I dont think it is. This has kind of sprung out of nowhere as I was fine a week ago. Im not under any stress. I thought it might be reflux but I dont know. I do suffer from that also but have never experienced anything remotely close to this. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
output: Respected user, HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This is in relation with underlying bronchitis.* Suggestions for better recovery - X-ray chest with primary laboratory work up of complete blood counts with ESR.- Proper antibiotics with decongestants to clear the respiratory tract from mucus plugs - Strict dietary regimen - Avoidance to excess cold - Inhalation of vapors of boiled water with added tincture Benson with blanket over the head - Use of corticosteroids, bronchodilators in selected cases - Lifestyle modifications as Walking in fresh air, avoidance of smoking, alcohol Deep breathing exercises, YOGA Hope to clarify your query Welcome for further assistance Thanks for using Chat Doctor .com & giving opportunity to assistWishing fine recovery Regards dear take care

input: My grandma is 78 she has been in the hospital for almost the whole month of September. She went in first for CHF then for acid reflex and now they just removed her gallbladder . She was in CCU for a few days after that to get her breathing under control due to her CHF, they have her on lacex to remove the water. Any how now for the past few days her right hand is swollen and very weak. Any thoughts She did have 3 blood infusions
output: Did she have IVs or other catheters in that arm? She may have developed a blood clot in a larger vein...a venous ultrasound of that arm would be my choice of test.

input: my three and a half year old son woke up about a week ago with a red ring around the top of his mouth, to where a moustache would be. it was red, and if you touched it, it felt normal, not raised up or bumpy. it just looked funny. we called it his moustache and over a few days it went away. then two nights ago i noticed a weird rash on his elbows,lots of red blistery looking things, and little red spots spread out over his legs and hands and feet. but very very few of them. just the elbows looked bad. those have mostly gone away, but i looked at his feet tonight and it almost looks like blisters on his toes. mainly both sides and around the nail of his big toes. but little spots too, that arent big enough to be blisters i dont think. but its the same thing that was on his elbows.  he also had a fever for  two or so days about 5 days ago. not sure what any of these are, or if they even have anything to do with each other.
output: Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms seem to be related to a viral rash. I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications to treat the fever such as Tylenol. I also suggest using Calamine lotion for local application. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor. 

input: A few months ago I was skateboarding and fell off and grazed my knee. This has left me with a darker discoloration where the scab was, which seemed normal so I didnt worry about it, but about 2 weeks ago two little lumps appeared on it and were quite itchy. Now there are 6+. Do you have any idea what these are? They look slightly like mosquitto bites but theyre not going away and multiplying.. Thankyou
output: Hi, thanks for the query to my Chat Doctor virtual-CLINIC.-In my opinion-You are suffering -mostly from-knee abrasion with scab in the beginning,- which developed later on in 2-6 lumps-with underneath wound infection, presenting with itching.-Multiplication of these itchy lumps may be due to associated Ringworm which developed underneath the scab-this could also be thought of as one of the possibility while treating it.-Consult your family doctor / and skin doctor and investigate to fix the cause of it.-Remedy-Would be with --Tb-NSAID-for 5 days time-Antibiotic with advise from your family doctor for 5 days time.-ketoconazole point locally with good wound care would resolve your knee lump.-If no reduction then review the diagnosis with Surgeons consultation who-would do debridement of the wound and change the antibiotic and would take the care of the knee wound with scab properly.-Hope this would help to resolve your knee-itchy- lump by discussing with your doctor. Wishing you fast-recovery. Wellcome to my Chat Doctor Clinic again. Good night.

input: Hi. I have pain and pressure in the lower part on the back of my head and when I put pressure on it when I lay down on it I get dizzy. And now I noticed even if I m standing up and I look up I get dizzy can you give me an idea of what that is? Thank you
output: Hello dear friend, I can understand that you are anxious about this, but the way you described your complaints, is just not enough to tell you a pinpoint diagnosis. In fact, the feeling of pressure on the back of the head, associated with dizziness(both on standing and lying down)just not fit into the mechanism of the clinical conditions which may cause these symptoms. Possibly, its just anxiety or aromatization. Still, I would like you to get your blood pressure checked in both standing and lying position for a postural Chat Doctor. One step further, i suggest you to visit a neurologist and if he says all is well, then a psychiatrist will help you out. I hope it helps.

input: i woke up this morning an put my t shirt on an after that i have had horrible pain just behind my right shoulder into my spine its sorta deep reminds me of a out of place bone an its difficult to inhale a large breath it feels as if its pinching ?? what can i do
output: Hello charlie.take Huston 200. One dose in the morning and second dose at night it's a homeoaptChatDoctoredicine. Do hot fomentation too.godless. Chat Doctor. Com

input: Hello, I am a 15 year old boy, I have recently noticed in the past year or 2 that my nipples have become very puffy and squishy. I am very upset about this and would like treatment that is (if possible) little to no expense, or a treatment that doesnt involve surgery. I dont think it Gyno becuase my pecs are fine. Is there anything I can do? Thanks
output: Hi, It can be due to hormonal imbalance. Rule out for estrogen and testosterone levels. It can also be due to chronic alcoholism. For treatment, you can use hormone supplements in case of testosterone deficiency. In case of other causes, you can do surgery. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. R. Raveen

input: The last few days I have random quick but intense chest pain under my right breast. I am a 50 year old male in good shape.  It lasts for just a few seconds and then goes away.  More frequent when exercising but does not seem to hurt any more or less when breathing heavily.  Any clues?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely. So avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid movements causing pain. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Take simple painkiller like paracetamol or ibuprofen. You will mostly improve with all these in 2-3 days. If not improving then consult doctor. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hi i had my left kidney removed from my pelvis due 2 loss of function only 8 weeks ago iv been told there is no follow ups appo no scans no test i thought they would keep an eye on my right kidney for a while i just got told if i have any problems go see my gp can u let me know if this sounds right thank you diane robinson
output: HelloThanks for query. You have undergone surgery for removal of one kidney. Normally there is no need to monitor the other kidney unless patient has urinary problems.However, one has to follow regime in order to prevent the other kidney from getting diseased 1) Chat Doctor. 2) Avoid getting UTI 3) Frequent routine urine test to be done to rule out UTI 4) Blood test to assess renal function to be done every year .5) Consult Nephrologist or Urologist for check up every year.

input: I am 60 yrs old & had a reaction to a medication that caused a severe reaction of pustular psoriasis from the bottom of my feet to the top of my head, the rash caused me to loose several layers of skin. I was hospitalized for 27 days, even though the rash is no longer there, I have pain in my hands & feet the worse is my feet. Is this pain permanent or how long before I,m pain free.
output: Hi Dear Welcome to the board of ChatDoctorSir probably you suffered with the Steven Johnson syn Chat Doctor. Hope gradually you should recover. Thanks

input: Can you get thrombocytopenia from a Shingles vaccine? My husband had a normal platelet level in November and then recently had a severely low platelet level. Medications have all been the same. Only difference is the Shingles vaccine. YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Thank you for your question here at Chat Doctor. I understand your concern and I want to inform you that the Shingles' vaccine can lead to some adverse effects and thrombocytopenia is not listed among one of them. There are some reports of Poltava vaccine leading to thrombocytopenia, but currently we need more proof and clinical studies to affirm that for sure. In other words your husbands' thrombocytopenia may be linked to the Shingles' vaccine, but we do not know for sure at the moment.Meanwhile, please do not worry as this is a transitory effect and the platelet count will rise to its normal value in around 2-4 weeks if we were talking about minor thrombocytopenia from the start. I recommend another platelet count after 1 month just for your psychological comfort. I hope my answer helped you. Do not hesitate to reply if you have further questions, Best 

input: When i was going to the store last week i slipped and fell on my right side but i also landed on my shoulder.......My shoulder started hurting five days ago after i was done mopping the floors on my hands and knees....But tonight i took a bath and i looked in the mirror and saw a big bruise on my right armpit its making my shoulder hurt a lot what can i do?
output: Hi, In my opinion I recommend some hot comments and topical anti-inflammatory with an extra anti hematoma effects will be effective if the pain persists for more than 10 days I recommend you give a visit to you physician for proper evaluation. Do foment twice daily with gels and the bruise will disappear. Hope the above information helps you. Any further clarifications feel free to ask.

input: im looking a orthopedic dortor for my mom . shes 83 yrs old and have a problem for her hips . she have a surgery in the hips long time ago may be 20 year now she s hurting too much . the problem is she have medical or medicare only. how i can fine a doctor for her.
output: Hi sir I think your mom is elderly lady & she had been undergone surgery for some fracture in hip very long back, so my advice is to get done fresh x-ray to know the present status of fracture & implant, to know any arthritic changes, osteoporosis condition. She needs people physiotherapy under supervision with supplementation with calcium, protein to increase bone strength. Give mild painkiller like Attract. Kindly let me know how she feels after doing this. Thanks.

input: HI I AM TAKING NUCYNTA 100mg ER FOR BACK PAIN. I have also found it to be far more effective than Fentenyal 12mcg patches and as a bonus it is far more effective than Fentynal patches for my peripheral neuropathy. Without these painkillers I would be in constant pain t. I was very careful not to raise my Fentynal dosage over the course of using them for the last 4 years, enduring some occasional periods of pain. My question: is Nucynta more or less effective for long term pain reduction than Fentynal? Thank you.
output: Junta is the first and only FDA-approved long-acting opioid designed to control both pain and neuropathy. Junta is also used in patients for whom alternative treatment options (e.g., fentanyl) are ineffective, not tolerated, or would be otherwise inadequate to provide sufficient management of pain.

input: My Grandpa recently found out, after having over a year of severe lower back pain , that he has an aneurysm . It is 7 cm long but I m not real sure where its located on his body. My question is: What are my grandfathers chances of survival if he gets the surgery recommended by his family doctor; and if he refuses the surgery what could the outcome be as far as time is concerned ?
output: Hai, Low back pain due to aneurysm is often mechanical. The aneurysm has certain other features to determine the need for surgery and vascular surgeons are the best to give you the prognosis aspects.

input: I have known my whole life that something was different about me. I am almost 20 years old and two years ago i went to a doctor to try and get some answers. i found that i was noticeably more hyper than any of my friends, i couldn t stop talking, i would get in these weird moods where all i would do is think about random things, i would tap my foot or leg, feel rushed when there wasn t a need to be rushed, and i would always snap on my parents, sometimes for no reason. i went through perscriptions of concerta , adderall , and vyvanse , just recently upping my dosage of vyvanse to 60 mg. my question is, is it common to feel extremely irritable and angry towards people i care about when i accidentally forget to take my vyvanse? this has always been a question i have. i always feel much more calm and relax and not easily angered or upset when i take my vyvanse consistently.
output: Hi There, thanks for asking. That is true, you should take Vyvanse regularly in order to avoid being jittery or irritable. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder has another component which is "impulsivity". Many boys who have attention deficit hyperactivity also have impulsive behavior. For example, they may become aggressive toward their friend, and they feel remorse soon after it. Vyvanse is not only useful for your hyperactivity, but also helps you to manage your behavior. On the other hand, Chat Doctor.  I wish you the best performance at school and in life.

input: My daughter had a nervous breakdown recently,. she was under a lot of stress, has had depression in the past, and added to this was a lot of anxiety. she is on several potent drugs. I feel she is over medicated. she has gained 50 lbs, since being on the drugs. Is it necessary for her to be on prozac, seroquel, ativan, neurontin (which she is weaning herself from) and a couple of others? why would she need to be on so many of these mind altering meds? this episode took place in Aug. with 2 additional episodes after August. she s also in group tx. and one on one tx.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  She needs to have council ling, and she should have love and affection, as others get. She should be included in your family issues as far as possible.  Furthermore, she must have an occupation, like cooking, and household works with some guidance.  With these guidelines, she can vein off the Chat Doctor.  No psychological patient can improve health without the surrounding peoples help.  Let her practice yoga, meditation, reading books, and hearing music, to have weight reduction and diversion from her imaginary surroundings.  Give her more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods to improve her general health.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.

input: MY DAUGHTER IS 9 YRS OLD AND HAS A RED PATCH ,VERY SMALL, AROUND 2CM IN DIAMETER ON HER SCALP WHICH IS SCALY AND FLAKES OUT LEAVING REDDISH PATCH. DERMATOLOGISTS SUSPECT SEBORRHIC DERMATITIS/ PSORIASIS AS IT IS NOT GOING SINCE A YEAR NOW. ON APPLYING TRIBEN-B AND NOSKORF LOTION 2-3 TIMES A DAY IT DISAPPEARS WITHIN 10 DAYS BUT REAPPEARS ON STOPPING. kindly tell whether is it psoriasis and am i on the right path.
output: Hello as your doctors suggested it could be either psoriasis or seborrhea dermatitis. It's difficult to say which one only based on a description. However it is sometimes difficult to distinguish one from the other, but you are on the right track by giving her the correct treatment.it needs to be continued. Regards

input: I had a ct scan of abdomen pelvis w/contrast as pain in stomach. Report says I have fatty infiltration of the liver, Pneumobilia is identified in the left lobe. Extrahepatic bile ducts are dilated, likely reflecting the prior cholecystectomy. What does this all mean? Could this cause a lot of bloating?
output: Hello, welcome to ChatDoctorpneumobilia means air in the billiard tree.it occurs when there is entry of air from enteric system to billiard system. Causes are-recent instrumentation (ERCP), gall stone, billiary enteric anastomosis, pancreatitis,BE fistula, etc.extrahepatic billiard duct dilated means the hepatic duct and CBD are dilated. Cause is distal obstruction. Many of this causes are associated with bloating discomfort.I shall advise you to consult a GI surgeon with your reports. Hope this will help you.regards.

input: hi im mrs.holley,i have been experincing, fatigue ,lightheadness,nausua, dizziness ,doctor has been treating me for h.pyloria,been thru with meds,still sick,nausa,dizziness,faint,headaches and as along as i am sitting down or lying down ,i dont feel bad,yesterday after been up house cleaning,i felt real faint and fell on ground,cold sweats and my body felt like there was a magnet holding to floor,especially head and neck ,took alittle bit but manage to get up,episode passed,today legs still feel wobbley and feel just kinda weird( MALAISE FEELING)tingling also in body when i went down on floor,doctors already check,liver, pancreas ,gallbadder,all ok,but now i have these new symtoms,husband wanted to take to er,but tiold him i go back to doctor,if this continues
output: Hi Mrs Holley am Chat Doctor. You are on treatment for H Pylori. This is a bacterium that causes severe gastritis. The gastritis may sometimes burn the wall if the stomach enough to cause loss of blood, sometimes slowly. This loss of blood may cause you to have the symptoms you fettle test can help us diagnose the problem. The other possibility is a dissociative disorder, but I won't consider that till other possibilities are ruled outdo let us know the report soon we can help you further. Best of luck

input: hello, doctor, i have a problem in my mouth bone, i cant open my mouth ahh like that, for that ive to shake little bit my mouth bone then only i can open it fully, even at the time of eating food, at  this point am getting pain, and also getting pain in back head right side, is it related to that or not? plz to clarify what ive to do?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting the query, Do you have any history of fall, fight, trauma, accident recently? Are you having tobacco chewing habit, smoking? I would suggest you to consult a Dentist and get the checkup done take an OPG radiograph of the region, to see if there is any problem in the TMJ region, take multivitamin supplements. Hope you find this as helpful, Take care!

input: Hi, I suffer from back pain since having my second child but has been getting worst, my nan had this crumbling spine  and im worried I may have it as well. I have been getting really bad headaches and feeling slighty sick as well over the last month. Do you think this is something to worry about?
output: You haven't mentioned your age build weight etc. which are important for suggesting something, no back pains don't usually run in families. Try a course of tab Lobar twice daily for a week with local application of Mykolaiv ointment

input: Hi, I have just diagnosed as having empty stella syndrome for the past 3 weeks. Since that day I had left side lower back pain and cannot sit on the soft sofas and setting in the the car/driving more than 30 minutes as I would feel burning sensation at my lower back. Mild dizziness or feeling to fall when walking. Is there any connection between the ESS and lower back pain and dizziness.
output: Have you checked your hormone levels, you seem to have some generalized weakness which may be due to decreased secretion of one or more pituitary hormones.

input: Ive been getting knee pain for a while in the same leg that i had a tibial nail in some 7 years ago. My quad on that leg has never really come fully back to the size of the other leg. I have an office job, so I m relatively inactive during the day usually, but have had the last 2 weeks off as holiday and have been more active moving some furniture, fixing things around the house, some home improvement and a bit of gardening. This morning I woke IP with a round, painless bruise on my kneecap, near the top inner edge. My knee does grind a little at full extension, but that happens quite a lot anyway. Over the past week, the quad muscle on the affected side has grown and become more responsible, but is still smaller than the other side. The knee is reasonably painful during stress and occasionally hits a big bit of pain when extending under load.
output: Hello, You had mentioned the previous history of trauma at knee and nailing had been done before 7 yeras, so might be that may cause compression and irritation to joint tissue. To rule out we must go for X-ray. Another cause may be due to continuously repeated heavy work, your qua Chat Doctor.  You should walk regularly do cycling swimming running jogging, if the pain is subsiding it means your thigh muscles were weak, or else you need to take an x-ray for the knee joint. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Hem ang S Jane, Physical Therapist or Physiotherapist

input: just came to visit my father and noticed has swollen dark legs, also his feet. He said the doctor know about it but dont look right to me. He has a cathetrist by the legs for look his heart and also he said the part where was introduced the cable is dark. He is no complaint but went he touch his leg feel sensitive. Sorry my english and thanks very much.
output: Hi, Your father appears to be a heart patient, who is having edema in his legs because of cardiac issues. Dark color of his legs might be because of venous congestion which in itself is a cause for swelling and edema. You need to consult a cardiologist for the same. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, my mom is feeling strange, she has a rapid heart rate of 104-120, currently at 104, BP was 150/104 now decreased to 149/95, I have given her tonic water and aspirin. She was previously diagnosed with A Fib. I have her lying down with feet elevated drinking cold water and continuing to monitor her blood pressure. Is there anything else I need to be doing right now? Thanks for your help.
output: Hello, I would explain that her symptoms could be related to possible cardiac arrhythmia.  For this reason, I recommend going to the nearest ER service for a physical exam and a resting ECG.  A low dose of beta blockers (atenolol, metoprolol, etc.) if she is taking any of them, would help improve her situation.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, my son is 7 years old and in Grade 2. He is a very busy boy. Last year his teacher kept on saying I must get him so help. I don t like using Ritalin. Will Calmalin help?? I am also looking at the option of SEMAS which is a maths program and they say it definatly helps with concentration!
output: Hello, Calmalin does not substitute Ritalin to treat ADHD. I don't think that it might be helpful to treat the symptoms of your son. You should consult your doctor about an alternative treatment. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: sir, i m 22 years of age and having neuro symtopes as 1. feeling of dizzyness and fear , anxiety . 2. sometimes vomitting and nausea 3.hands getting week i had done eeg and it says normal have done mri which says venous angiomia in the left frintal area of brain im little worried if its serious bcoz im a student. plz refer me some medicine.. if ayurvedic den it will b good
output: Dear Normal, welcome to Chat Doctor. Good that you sought timely help. Hand weakness, omitting are cerebral signs and are important if MRI shows a venous Angola. Medicines are not of use.pl. consult a neurosurgeon urgently to see if any surgery is needed soon. If not you could take symptomatic treatment. It all depends on many factors of the Angola. It could bleed and get serious. So take neurosurgical opinion and act on it. Pl. keep me posted on progress. Good luck

input: hi,sir i feel sever pain in my occipital region,n also heaviness in this region while studying.whats d problem ?
output: The headache and heaviness aggravated by studying can be due many reasons. Assuming that you are a student, it is unlikely that you have a refractory error (near vision problems are usually seen in middle age). Association with studies almost rules out other causes like sinusitis and migraine.  When mind is forced to do what it does not like, it will react in such a way that you have difficulty doing it. Headache, decreased concentration and forgetfulness are some problems commonly seen in students. High expectation from self and others only add to the burden. Following points may help you overcome this problem:1. Take frequent breaks in between study sessions2. Make the Studying process interesting (like group discussion, audiovisual aids etc.)3. Take help for difficult subjects(coaching/tuition)4. Plan well to manage time. Remember, "Failing to plan is planning to fail"

input: I have a question about infertility . the report says that their is a small spillage of contrast seen on the right side. Left tube is blocked at the fimbrial end and shows Hydrosalpinx . the patient report also SPECIMEN SOURCE: MENSTRUAL BLOOD MYCROBACTERIAL DNA PCR: DETECTED GENUS: MICOBACTERIUM SPECIES: MICOBACTERIUM TUBERCULOSIS COMPLEX CAN THE PATIENT GET PREGNENT?
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. I read your query and I understand your concerns. Following is my reply:1) You have to take anti tuberculosis medicines for 4 to 6 months and then test again to see if you are cured of TB.2) You may have to go for IVF later than your tube seems to be badly damaged due to TB. 3) Please start anti TB treatment soon I hope I answered your query. I will be available for any follow-up query you have.

input: I. Have a small hole below my front bottom tooth. It doesnt hurt at all..dentist wants to cut a piece of gum and sow it. Over the tiny hole.he  said my teeth are very healthy and hes not sure why this happened! Should I get this procedure done or what to see if it closes by itself ?  He took X-ray and tooth is heathy
output: Hello, As you are mentioning that dentist has taken an x-ray, and it is normal this means that the tooth and bone is healthy. This problem can be gums problem. Actually sometimes it happens that when there are two lower labial French (attachment of gums with lower mucosa). They are closely placed and space between them look like hole, it is not painful. In this case do not take tension, just wait for some time and observe if there is no pus discharge then it is normal, and there is no need to go for any treatment. Thank you

input: I developed a cough in December followed a few days later by cold symptoms. Chest pain and coughing up mucus so went to the doctor who said i had pharyngitis. 2 weeks after and still coughing i developed really sore ribs especially when laughing, coughing, sneezing deep breathing and lying down in bed. Went to the doctor who said it was the intercostal muscles and gave me pain relief and an inhaler due to shortness of breath. 2 weeks later due to not breathing properly i developed a chest infection given anti biotics. After a month of pain relief and still not much relief she wondered whether the pain relief (diclofenac) was causing reflux making the cough worse so prescribed some tablets to go along with it. The night time cough did disappear. Rib pain is still present when deep breathing especially when exercising. A week ago i really overdone it strenously walking and then 3 days ago developed a cough, that is progressivley getting worse. Last night it caused throat pain whilst coughing and a feeling of a lump in my throat and struggling to breathe took my inhaler and it actually relieved it all. Rib pain is now alot worse again and this is 14 weeks since the illness started. I dont understand why the rib pain hasnt gone and why this cough keeps reoccurring.
output: Hello After reading your query, these symptoms may be due to these possibilities, these include:1 Pleural effusion, diagnosis can be confirmed by X-ray chest and blood examination for CBC, ES R .2 Thickened pleura, diagnosis can be confirmed by X RAY chest .3 Asthmatic allergic bronchitis with tuberculosis. Since you are having these symptoms for December and continue for 14 weeks. In my opinion consult a pulmonologist and get his opinion (2nd one). Good luck.

input: My 16 year old daughter started getting her menstrual cycle when she was 12. However they are still very infrequent, about 3 menstrual cycles a year. She has not had one since early February. I have had blood work done and it has come back normal. We don t want to start her on birth control because she is a carrier of Factor V Leiden. Should I take her to a specialist? If so, what type of specialist?
output: Hi, dearI have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Irregular menstruation is common in early menstrual age. Factors V Leiden mutation is not responsible for it. But still you should consult your gynecologist once and plan accordingly. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any doubts then feel free to ask me. I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: my husband had a tooth pulled monday its now friday morning and he is still in pain swollen vomiting and has a fever. i took him back to the dentist yesterday and they perscribed penacillin and vicadin for pain but said not to take it cause he had thrown up more than 15 times in 24 hrs. btw he also has hiv. its 1 in the morning and still vomiting and hurting...what should i do for him
output: Hello first please do not panic... stop giving him any medicines he is having all this problem due some allergy towards the medicines prescribed to him... take him to a general practitioner as soon as possible. He needs a check-up. To stop vomiting. Give him half a cup of cold milk without sugar. Also give him some cookie that does not contain fat. Ask him to do warm saline gargles... also give him lime water...follow up is invited

input: good day sir,my father s age is 79 has got esr level of 120.there are no other symptoms of any otrher kind only slight fever of about 98-100 for the last 10-15 days,slight swelling on the face.all other tests for kidney, liver are ok and no symptoms of RA.he has prostrate cancer for which he is undergoing regular treatment.pls advise the incresaed level of ESR is due to what? capt.alok r. gupta
output: Hi, dear He has high ESR. It may be due to many of the cause. Tuberculosis, inflammation, anemia, autoimmune disorder, paraproteinemia or malignancy can cause high ESR. He may have high ESR due to his prostate cancer. Or he may have some other reasons. So consult your local doctor and search for the cause. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi I m 17 weeks and 4 days pregnant with my first child. Last month my OB said I was very dehydrated and my levels were greater than 1.03. I went back to her yesterday and my levels were at 1.02 which is better but still not good. Should I be worried or should she be taking a preventative approach before this gets worse?
output: Hi. Nothing to be worried about, but try and consume more fluids through the day, even if it means visiting the restroom more frequently which is bound to happen. Make sure you also stop Chat Doctor. Discuss your situation in a more elaborate manner with your doctor if you seem to be more worried. Best wishes.

input: Hi sir. I am in terrble .one mnth before i found a small lymph node in under my right neckAnd i consult the ent surgeon he told me my face have lot of pimplesSo pimple infection cause to this..sir can u adavce me pimble any chance to cause lymph node and how long time to Gone .plz give me answer
output: Thanks for your query at Chat Doctor! Lymphadenopathy is sometimes found among people with Acne.  I would like to know if you have some dental problem? Had you suffered from viral infection in recent past? Are you having fever, night sweats, loss of appetite? If you have any of above visit a doctor to get investigated. Get checked by a ENT for your throat, your tonsil, and your ear. Wash faces with a HY Chat Doctor. 

input: my aunt had cardiac arrest last wednesday and based on an mri it shows she has some brain damage. doctors have told the family there is nothing else they can do..there is some leg, arm and mouth movement. are there any procedures that i can suggest to doctors. my aunt is breathing on her own w/47% oxygen.
output: Hello Thank you for trusting Chat Doctor Majority of cardiac arrest survivors have some degree of brain injury with impaired consciousness, some may present with persistent vegetative state, but there is no many studies. Only 3-5%of people may regain previous physical activity among 18%of survivors of cardiac arrest patients. Remaining may present lifelong support with increased morbidity and mortality. Please consult your doctor he will examine and treat you accordingly.

input: sir, i have a 5 year baby boy, in his  motion routine examination find occult blood and urine  analysis  find  urobilinogen1:20 dilution postive. His problem is seeing mucus in his sttol and undigestive particles.Doctor is this any symptom of disease?
output: Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Mucus and digestive particles in stool can indicate disorder of flora in intestine- disbacteriosis. You should do analysis for stool culture and sensitivity to antibiotics. Without analysis for disbacteriosis I can advise eco norm (saccharomyces)1 Sasha 2 times 5 days, then similar 1 cap 1 time 1 month. In addition, take enzyme syrup 14 days with meal for better absorption, because he has digestive particles. Improve feeding of child, he should eat 4 times every 4 hours and between-fruits. If he has lots of mucus you should add him nights 1 tab 3 times with antibacterial target during 5-7 days. Grow quicker Chat Doctor. 

input: Abouttwo and a half years ago I noticed that my mother developed bad odour inspite the fact that she is a very clean woman. The smell changes but I woud say it is a chemical smell. She did lots of tests amongst them at the gynecologist and all doctors say that there is nothing wrong with her. Last December she did a knee replacement operation and during her stay at the hospital the smell vanished from home. Before the operation she did a number of blood test and all gave good results. There was one doctor who said that it could be the tablets she is taking for high blood pressure , for cholesterol and for diabetes . He said that it is going to take a while whle they detect what is causing the smell and he changed Metformin. The smell stopped for approx. a month but it got back eventuelly. My mother is 80 years old but still self sufficient. Please do tell me what you think.
output: Hibed smell is due to bacterial fermentation of the perspiration. Common in diabetic pt. Apply antibacterial cream twice a day apply anti perspiration powder in morning take azithromycin 250 twice a day for three day

input: my 5 year old son vomits more frequently than normal. he does fine on whole, healthy foods. chicken, fruit, vegetables, etc... halfway into a slice of cheese pizza, he throws up. does he just have a sensitive stomach? should i keep him away from junk foods?
output: Hello. I just red through your question. It is possible he suffers from reflux. Greasy foods are now triggers of reflux. It can be treated. When it happens this frequently, it is a good idea to consider treatment. I recommend consulting with your doctor to consider treatment.

input: hi.. i am 30 years old lady. trying for baby for three years. i have pcod and diabetic. i had lap done. I did follicular study.. on day 23 my follicles got ruptured with ChatDoctor shot. we had contact on those fertile days. on July 6 egg ruptured and on july 20 th i got spots - brown discharge and continued slightly for four days. after that i dint get any period. today august 6 th till now i did two hpt and beta ChatDoctor came negative. still can i become pregnant?
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. I have read your query & I understand your concerns. Unfortunately you have not got pregnant. If you were pregnant you would have seen in beta Chat Doctor test by now. More over the July 20th episode of spotting appears to be your periods.  Now you must be in the middle of your next period.  Please get a follicular growth scan to confirm the ovulation this cycle. All the best. I hope I answered your query. I will be available for any followup queries you have.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a male 79 years old, have brief chills the may sweat have had for about 2 months also white blood cell count to high had bone marrow test and ok so far dr has no idea what is wrong when I chill have no fever as I check that and blood pressure. thanks
output: Hi, From history it seems that you require evaluation of your case. As you get chills often and WBC is high it indicates there might be having some infection in your body giving this problem. Consult your doctor and go for,1, X-ray chest,2, ultrasound abdomen,3, complete urine check up.4, Blood checking for RFT, LFT and other tests. After all reports, one can have clue about your problem, and then they will go for treatment accordingly. Ok and take care.

input: hello sir well iam a 16 year old girl and ihave been having sex but its only been two days so idoubt iam pregnant yet ihave very strong abdominal pains when iuse the bathroom and ihave been going to the bathroom really frequently yet urinating very little
output: Hello, your symptoms suggest a lower urinary tract infection (cystitis). Sometimes this infection follows sexual intercourse. If you'd like to confirm or exclude this diagnosis then an urinalysis may show increased number of white blood cells and bacteria in the urine and a urine culture may reveal the offending organism. I could not suggest any treatment because I don't know if you have a history of allergic reactions to certain antibiotics or you history in general and also whether you've taken any antibiotic during the last 3-4 months or not. This information is very important for treatment decisions. I hope I've helped! If you'd like more information, please ask and I'll be glad to answer. Kind Regards!

input: Hi madam , I am taking thyronorm 25 mcg  from yesterday  , because my Tsh is 5.47.  Also taking blood pressure medicine tazlog 40 H. In the morning & in the evening met xl. 50. Mg but my pressure is fluctuating , I feel burning sensation In the body and also back of my head during day some time pls. Advise what is wrong going on .
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor, You are having High blood pressure and treated for it with antihypertensive medicines if your blood pressure reading are fluctuating take medicines at regular interval and regularly. If your dose is recently increased it may take some time to have smooth control of blood pressure. Recently you also started Thyroxine supplementation please continue to take it regularly. Your burning sensation possibility of some allergy to any of the agent or some kind of neuropathy. It would be great if you see treating physician as he will be able to examine and tell exactly what is happening. If allergy is there it can be treated with anti allergy Chat Doctor. If you have neuropathy we need to know the cause like Nutritional, alcohol. Hope this information helps you. Take care Good Luck.

input: my boyfriend woke up last night and he couldnt breathe and was freezing cold. He tried to take a breath and felt like he wasnt getting any air. He also tried to use his inhaler because he does have asthma and he couldnt even hold it in for 2 seconds. Why would he not be able to breathe and be freezing cold?
output: Hi, It's simple to understand that how asthmatic patients can't or becomes difficult to breath. Our tracheobronchial tree consists of smooth muscle fibers, and any muscle get contracts or spasm with effect on cold and just opposite to warm or hot, it relaxes, if anyone who is already have their tracheobronchial muscles allergic to spasm(like in asthma)and in addition when they get cold air, this smooth muscles begin to contract leading to constriction of tracheobronchial tree turned into unable to get air exchange and difficulty in breathing. Inhalers makes this muscles relaxed or dilatation in medical terms within seconds. That's the beauty of allopathic Chat Doctor. Hope u understand.Goodbye

input: i am home today with a mild case of pnumoonia and I woke up this morning with some swelling on my forehead over my right eye. Last night i notice some swelling on my head with a lump that was sore. it seems to have moved to my forehead but is not painful at the momment.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Read and understood that you have mild pneumonia and swelling on the head which has moved to the forehead. This is due to the fact that you may have angioneurotic edema or a satellite abscess formation. Consult your Doctor to get a clinical evaluation, investigations of blood, X-Ray of the chest and to get started on proper antibiotic and supportive treatment.

input: what disease can be the cause of low back pain that comes with noisy rumbling stomach, constipation alternating with diarrhea, rash under tip of penis, itchy anus, internal heat, stubborn rashes on the shoulder and on the buttocks . My age is 32 years, weight 77 kg.
output: It is a clear case of pitta vitiation which manifests all these symptoms of irritation - internal or external. If I had been your physician, I had asked you to straightway take Ayurveda's Avipattikar Khorana mixed with Kamncha NASA in indicated ratio and take. Externally by bathing with fullers earth and apply Marichyadi oil (it stains fabrics) once may take you out of trouble very safely and without bad effects. Need capsules from Himalaya co. will have enhanced action. Any Ayurveda doctor will guide you for this. If you are not satisfied in four weeks, you have the option to resort to toxic multiple Chat Doctor. Hope it enlightens you.

input: My husband went to his urologist and before the blood work was even ordered, the Dr. said he wanted to do a biopsy in one week.. he also received two dvds in the mail on what to expect when you have prostate cancer. He did have a digital rectal exam. Should I be worried  or seek a second opinion?
output: Not mentioned age of your husband or his symptoms. If there is diagnosis of prostate cancer, PSA level may be high. For confirmation, he requires the biopsy.

input: What is cause of needle-like pain or periodic burning sensation in left foot? Usually on top of second toe or on bone below little toe. Trouble sleeping. Discomfort lasts for 10 seconds, disappears, then returns 30 seconds later. After several months the same scenario.
output: Hello, The burning sensation in the foot can be due to a mild nerve root compression at the level of the lower spine. This needs an MRI scan to confirm. Taking methylcobalamin supplements can help.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I am a 52yr old female i havean under active thyroid , fatty live , overactive bladder, cervical arthritis with a trapped nerve , b12 deficiency,  restless leg syndrome and some years ago i had an aneurysm in the right side of my head .recently i have been in great pain with the bone in my left arm blood test last week revealed the my esr was very high could this have to do with any of the above .THANK YOU
output: Hi.understood your concern. First, thyroid hormone is a very important hormone involved in various functions in the body. Decreased levels of thyroid hormone may lead to obesity which may intern result in the development of many diseases such as fatty liver disease and arthritis. Secondly, B12 deficient may lead to neuropathy. High ESR indicates that you're suffering from a chronic disease. you're advised to visit treating physician at earliest and take advise. Thyroid hormone and B12 supplements maybe ingested immediately, though dosage should be advised by the treating physician hope to answer your concern. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi. I have a daughter n she is 4 now, I have been trying for second baby since last 2 years but I am not conceiving. Last year I went through laparotomy n one of my tube was removed because of the cyst. My ultrasound reports are clear but still not conceiving. I am really upset n tensed. I am 33 now. Is there any chances for me to conceive early n easily ?
output: Greetings Since one tube was removed because of cyst, the patency of other tube has to be confirmed. I feel it must be ovary and not the tube.However, get it evaluated with an infertility specialist. Also get a semen analysis for your husband. Hope my answer helps you. Regards

input: I had a root canal on my tooth (between molar and canine) 2-3 years ago. It was never suggested to me to get a crown after the root canal. Last Saturday, my tooth cracked in half. The front half doesnt move, but the back half moves easily. There wasn t much pain initially. I went to the dentist Thur for a cleaning/exam. There weren t any appointments available until Sept 26 - which is when I was going to have an extraction and prepare for bridge. Last night and today there has been a lot of pain...mainly on the gumline on the side that is very loose. Is there anything I can do now, being that it is the weekend and no dentist is open until Mon? Can I pull the loose half?
output: Hello, Thanks for query, After root canal one should go for crown to safe the tooth and for its long life. But it is not your fault as dentist had not suggested you for the same. The decision of your tooth depends on the X-ray that we could save it or u need to go for extraction. I suggest you to please do not try to remove any part of the tooth and take appointment as soon as possible. In case of pain take analgesic medicine. Vishal JainVitaldent

input: Hi doc I just found out that I have Hep C and I don t have an idea how did I get this....my parents don t have this (RIP).....I m 51yrs. old...I m trying to get a life insurance and they turn me down because of my blood result....every year I do physical such as including urine and blood test .....:(.....I don t do drugs,no tattoo.....I went to my doctor and she suggested to do another blood test including this Hep and ultra sound...I m praying that this is a mistake....I never get sick never been hospitalized...I went to the hospital to deliver my kids 1992 and 1996....
output: Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your query in detail. Furthermore, I understand your concern. Hepatitis C can be spread through:1. Sexual Contact2. Blood transfusions and infected needle re-use.3. In childhood by scratching each other during play. Irrespective of the source, Hepatitis C requires treatment. Get following:1. HCV Antibody.2. CV RNA This is my best opinion for you based on available details. If you any have further queried, please ask me. Stay HealthyChatDoctor, MD

input: Hi my son is seven years old with no health problems. I have recently found a pea size bumpunder is arm in his arm pit the gp said it felt like a cyst and recommended keeping an eye opn it. I have just found another in his neck on the same side of his body. It is about the same size and same consistency. It also moves freely. Should I be concerned and what can I have him chexcked for. Cancer runsdeeply in my family
output: Hi your 7 yr needs check with Er Surgeon for neck lump and cystic armpit lump. Get blood complete tests and FNAC biopsy and fix the cause as you have high risk family cancer history. Hit, thanks. GD day.

input: Hello, for the past several days now I have had constant lower back pain that comes around just by my ribs. Ive also been having pretty frequent bms that are very loose and a light green/brown color. Im worried because the back pain is getting worse. Any ideas on what it may be?
output: Hi Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor There are many causes for your problem. If you were my patient I would suspect Acute muscular spasm as cause of your backache. I would have started a painkiller and muscle relaxant combination like Zerodol-MR. Ask your doctor for prescription.  Your frequent bowel motions are either due to indigestion or bowel infection. First we will start medication for indigestion. Ask your doctor to start medication for indigestion. I would recommend syrup Aristotle.  If frequent bowel movements persists get stool routine test and revert with reports.

input: Hello My son is 14 and for 2 days he is feeling pain under his armpit .the pain is more when he move the arm or the press it with his hand . I checked this my hand and there are no lumps at all . I just notice few spots under his armpit . What it can be ? Thank you
output: It could be hi Chat Doctor.  .infection of apocrine glands...which is caused by sweating, hormonal changes, humidity, heat and friction from clothing.

input: my father in law has had his thyroid removed, has diabetes, has a stint in his heart a bad back and weighs about 300lbs. He had to be taken to the er with shortness of breath, hallucinations, he has had a lot of confusion for awhile but it was much worse. he already took 40 a day lasix. Hehad fluid around lungs and heart low o2 levels. They upped his lasix to 80 put o2 on him. They had to keep the o2 at 15 otherwise his levels wouldnt stay up. Lung infection also discoved. Heart only working at 40% then co2 up to 90and unresponsive. Now on a ventilator co2 down to normal. what is likelyhood of brain damage? Any other input apprectiated. Family is trying to make some hard decisions.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Honestly speaking, chances of survival are very less. Rising carbon dioxide level is suggestive of respiratory failure. Accumulation of fluid in the body is suggestive of heart failure. Confusion, unconsciousness, hallucinations etc. will cause brain damage. And this kind of brain damage is permanent. So his all major organs are failing. This is not good sign. If you remove ventilator, I don't think he will survive. So family has to take decision about taking off ventilator. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your father-in-law. Thanks.

input: Hi, I am 32 year old lady. I got shoe bite on monday that is 07/18/2011 and I have put band aid on it. But from yesterday it has become a posh and some water type is comming from it while walking. Please recommend some oitment or medicine to get rid of.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. For shoe bite I would advise some moisturizer to be applied locally. Best home remedy is to apply coconut oil as it also has anti-inflammatory properties. Honey can also be used. Try to avoid wearing the shoes till skin heals completely.

input: Hi, I have severe allergies and I am currently undergoing allergy shots. Last night I ate sushi, which has never been a problem before. I woke up this morning with really painful itchy bumps on my feet and hands. The college clinic says it looks like atopic dermatitis. I also have seborrhea. I have never ever had the red bumps before. Should I be concerned?
output: HI THANKS FOR POSTING YOUR QUERY ON Chat Doctor.AS PER YOUR CLINICAL HISTORY, "ALLERGIC URTICARIA" CAN BE MADE DIAGNOSIS IN YOUR AS IT IS STRONGLY SUPPORTED BY PAST HISTORY OF ATOMIC DERMATITIS, AND SEBORRHEA.SINCE YOU ARE AN ESTABLISHED CASE OF ATOP, I SUGGEST YOU TAKE Chat Doctor. 

input: Good day Doctor,I am married since 7 years and facing problems in pregnancy. I was diagnosed with PCOD few years back. Now periods happen on time with medication. My endometrium is in proliferative phase. after AMH test result is 1.92 i.e. low fertility. My right fallopian tube is well outlined upto its fimbrial end and shows good peritoneal spillage. the left fallopian tube is not visualised beyond cornua. no obvious spill is noted on left side. i take the following medicines - Clomipure (50) - for ovulation, M2 tone 2tablets twice a day, Myotol F 1 tablet daily and ovigin D 1 tablet twice a day.
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. Since the AMH values are low, the chances of a spontaneous ovulation are low. In addition to the current treatment you need to go for ovulation studies to confirm if there is a successful ovulation after taking these medicines. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. You can consult me again directly through my profile URL http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: 26 year old male with no STDs or any other health issues. Masturbated and tightly gripped the base of my penis while doing so. I gripped really hard. Before ejaculation I let go and ejaculated like normal, but felt an odd somewhat dull pressure/pain on the dorsal surface of my penile shaft about 1 inch above the base (traveling in the direction of my penis, i.e. not horizontal/diagonal). At the area of the pain was now a hardened cord with a bit of a bump at the middle of the cord. It is not visible but can be palpated. It seemed like my penis took longer to become flaccid after that. I stopped any masturbation and let it rest for a week. It seemed nearly better but masturbating very gently caused it to return somewhat. I have gone a bit more than a week without masturbation now but want to check that something like this will go away and not be any long term damage. I still feel a dull pain at the area at times when the penis is flaccid. No issues with erections or ejaculation. Is this a lymph or vein issue? Will NSAIDS help or is there anything to help with lymphatic drainage/healing? Have I done long term damage?
output: Hello I share your concern, I will try to help you out in the best possible way. Looking at your description this could be STI or infected ulcer may be due to trauma during masturbation or an allergic reaction. I would like further information help you better relevant medical history like metabolic disease or hormonal disorderly recent exposure to unprotected sex? You should ask your doctor for few investigations to confirm the diagnosis like Urine culture and sensitivity test Blood for CBC and liver function test or urine test are advisable if it is a chronic issueNSAIDS like ibuprofen or acetaminophen will definitely help you Maintain good hygiene Wash and clean it with antiseptic solution or soapbox can apply antiseptic ointment externally. Use condom during sex if you are sexually active Hope this answers your question please feel free to ask for more clarificationThanks and regards

input: hi there im 25 and i have something to ask...I have this little hole right at the top of the bum crack and i have yellowish/greenish puss coming out and its all hard around it this is the first time its happend is there an answer for this if so plz right back thanx
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor You probably have a colonial sinus which is infected. It requires Chat Doctor.  Surgery may be indicated according to the chronicity to close this tract. It is seen in hairy men commonly. Consult your Surgeon at a Hospital for the various treatment options and the best option for you.

input: Hello- I have been suffering from heavy bleeding, severe cramping, irregular periods, and galactorhea(spell?) I had an ultrasound which reveals a heterogeneous foci in the midline uterus consistent with fibroids 2.2 X 1.7 X 1.9 cm, a Nabothian cyst in the cervical canal measuring 1.5 X 1.6 X 1.1 cm, and a left ovarian cyst with septations and echogenic nonvascular material 3.4 X 1.7 X 1.7cm. My husband and I want to conceive as we have established our careers and are ready for our first child. I am 40 years old. What is your recommended treatment for this?
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. I read your query and I understand your concerns. The chances of you conceiving naturally with all these problems are very less. You must list an infertility specialist to get evaluated for galactorrhea and get treated. Though fibroid is small, ovarian cyst needs to be evaluated further and diagnosed as to type of cyst & necessity for removal. You may try with donor egg option. Either ways you need to consult an infertility specialist. I hope I answered your query. I will be available for any followup queries you have.  Chat Doctor. 

input: I am having trouble eating and can eat small portions every 6 to 8 hrs. I have pain under my ribcage which increases after eating. After eating, I have BAD back pain which starts at my upper back and proceeds down. I can only eat after the pain subsides some or I will be in Extreme pain. I have lost 18 lbs in a year (I am 84 pds now). What tests would be done to find out if it could be pancreatitis? I am a Crohns patient & my Dr has ruled out the crohns being the problem. As a matter of fact, my gastroenterologist said (after many tests) he finds nothing wrong and walked out the door. I was crushed.
output: You can go for a serum lipase and amylase, liver function test. If nothing is visible then better to go for a CT abdomen.

input: Hi my name is Mohini. I am 36 year old. My height is 4 11. Recently I have gone through MRI scan. The report says 1. Central and left paracentral herniation of C6-7 disc and indenting thecal sac. 2. Posters-Central herniation of C5-6 disc indenting the thecal sac. 3. Sacralization of L5 vertebra. 4. Posterior bulge of L3-4 and L4-5 discs indenting the thecal sac. What is the meaning of above and what I need to take precautions to control the horrible upper back pain and lower back pain? Please suggest
output: Thanks for your query As per your reports you are having problems with cervical and lumbar spine. That suggest PID (prolapsed intervertebral disc) at multiple places. So you should consult orthopedics or spine surgeon for medical/surgical options. Get well soon.

input: Ive been diagnosed with restless leg syndrome and taking 1mg tablet of ropinirole HCL 1 hour before bedtime.  Legs are seeming to get worse.  Doctor recently prescribed 20g of citalopram hbr and just started it.  I havent really slept the last 5 nights.   Is there a specialist who  I can work with?.  This is stressing me so much Im not sure the citalopram is helping.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I had gone through your query and understand your concern. Let me first explain what is Restless leg syn Chat Doctor.  So that you can understand the disease and role of medicine and lifestyle changes. Restless syn

input: HiAm 45 years, 167 cms. 71 kg  with all my blood and other test are OK.In winters and sometimes in rainy season I suffer from  back pain and Hip joint pain which lasts for 4-5 days . I used to take pain killers like combiflem etc.What should I do... pls suggest...
output: Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor. During cold and rainy all joint pain increases probably due to increased humidity in the environment. Treatment of this short duration pain is analgesics for few days which you're already taking. So no need to worry. Whether you also tested for VITAMIN D3 LEVEL. I think this answer will be helpful to you.

input: Hi Doctors...For the last 2months i have been having a burning sensation around my neck,armpit,at the back of my elbow,behind my knee...i have been to 2 different hospitals, and all requested stool test which indicated Amoeba...having completed both doses of Amoeba... the burnind sensation is still there.... kindly advice me
output: Hi, Consult a dermatologist and get evaluated. You can apply low potency steroid ointment like Dexamethasone for symptomatic relief. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi iam 27 yrs old and i have only very sparse hair .it happened before 5 years wen i went to hostel due to salt water.but no improvement after i changed place also .i hav tried minoxidil for more than 6 months but no change .i badly want to improve my hair please tell a suggestion
output: Hello, I suggest you to also take an oral biotin supplement. You may continue with Minoxidil solution, 1ml, twice daily.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. , Dermatologist

input: My LFT reports: Bilirubin-1.61 mg/dl, Direct bilirubin-0.37mg/dl, Indirect bilirubin-1.24mg/dl, SGPT-32U/L, SOGT-28U/L, Alkaline phosphatase-121U/LTotal protein -8.4g/dl, Albumin-4.4 g/dl, Globulin-4gm/dl , A:G ratio-1.1Plz let me know what problem, I am having
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for posting your query in Chat Doctor. I have gone through your LFT report. All your values are under normal range. Normal Bilirubin levels are less than 2 mg/DL. Yours is 1.6,which is within normal range. Alkaline phosphatase enzyme is present in various tissues like liver and bone The normal range is 44 to 147 IU/L (international units per liter). Yours is within normal range. Normal values may vary slightly from laboratory to laboratoryHigher-than-normal ALP levels are seen in Biliary obstruction, Bone conditions, Osteoblastic bone tumors, osteomalacia. So, no need to worry. Your report is normal. Hope you are happy with the answer. Thank you

input: .hi, doctor I am 31 years old married since 1 and half year husband 34 years. Trying to conceive since then but failed many rounds, recently my gynac found Gamma interferon TB antigen value 2.20 detected. Does it means that I have pelvic TB or I need to go for TB pcr. Or I can start Anti TB medicine And this is the reason for my infertility. How many percent chances are there for conceiving after getting treatment for TB? or after treatment I have only option that is IVF. thank you
output: Hi. Pelvic Tuberculosis is often over diagnosed in India and anti tuberculosis Chat Doctor. Before starting anti tuberculosis treatment other clinical findings should be taken into account.Nowadays the recommended test for TB detection is inexpert, which is available in many centres even free of cost in some designated center. You can ask your doctor regarding same.

input: I am 27 year lod and married before three years. 2 Months before i had an tourch test and the result of it IGG +ve and IGM -ve. I Have taken vaccine injection for this infection and i have concieved in same month in which i have taken vaccine. So Is there any risk in my pragnancy. i am 2 months pregnant at this time
output: HiT hanks for posting on ChatDoctorThe vaccine may not harm the baby. That is a good preventive move to protecting your baby. Positive Egg however does not show an active infection. IgM does and when positive, depending on which of the elements of TORCH is positive, serious decisions are to be taken concerning the pregnancy. Your baby will find. Just get closer to your ORGAN. Hope my answer will help you Best wish to you and your unborn baby.

input: below my toes it is all swollen. i had surgery 3 months ago and they were supose to sew the capsules up throught the top of my feet. They have not gotten any better, I can hardly walk because my feet hurt so bad. The docter now wants to cut out more bone now above the capsoles. More surgery should i do it without a second opinion?
output: Hello, You need a direct examination to assess the severity of the problem that you have. Before going for a second surgery it is best to take a second opinion and confirm the options of treatment available for you. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I am a stage 4 colon cancer survivor and recently did an upper EUS and it showed that I had one bnormal lymph node in the peri pancreatic region as well as pancreatic parenchymal abnormalities consisting of hyperechoic strands were noted in the entire pancreas. Can you please explain as simple as possible what that means
output: HIT hank for choosing ChatDoctorI really can understand your concern and of course it is your right to know the exact what happening inside your body, the over all report are suggestive of some inflammatory process is going on around the pancreatic duct and the cells of pancreas itself, but it does not indicate the severity of disease, hope this will help you have nice day.

input: I hurt in my lower left pelvic area for four years before finally being diagnosed with a 2 cm kidney stone. (had exploratory surgery as well as partial and final hysterectomy , colonoscopy , etc before finally the kidney stone was found. ) Dr. Initially thought pain was not matching up with kidney stones because i hurt in my lower left pelvic area and not in the upper area where kidney stone was at. Dr blasted then removed via basket. Left a ureter stint with string for a week which was removed today. Now I am having extreme pain in that same lower pelvic area. could this be renal colic or my ureter or???????
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you had Kidney stone and has undergone Extra Corporeal Shock wave Lithography.(ESL) followed by removal of stone fragments and D. J stent was putting renal unit. You have pain in abdomen at the same site. This is either due to urethritis that develops after ESL and stenting the ureter. Please take broad spectrum antibiotics like Cefuroxime along with urinary antiseptic like Nitrofurantoin twice daily and urine alkalizer thrice daily. And later on switch on to appropriate antibiotics as per culture report. Ensure to Chat Doctor. 

input: I am having chest muscle twitches on a reg. basis on the left side of my chest. Had a serious shoulder operation in Feb to repair a rotary cup. No rotary cup present so operation wasn t quite what it should be. I am 75 and my guess is that I have pull a muscle from trying to rehab my left shoulder which is almost impossible. My question is how can I control it somewhat so I can take a nap in the afternoon or go to sleep at night.
output: You can start with upper part breathing exercises, that treated your upper part of lungs. These exercises are to be done while sitting and lying on back. Also do exercises that specifically involve your pectoral muscles strewing and strengthening like holding hands backwards, shoulder shrugging,

input: Hi,4 years back incidently doctors found one pulmonary nodule on my right lung on chest X-rays. They asked for CT and the result shown 1.5 cm size. I undergo Bronchoscopy also, but didnt show any problem then. But after these long years I am having on and off fever. Agin asked for Contrast CT. and the result shows that the nodule grew to size of 2.6 cm. and am asked for bronchoscopy again. The first result of bronchoscopy showed on reading like 18HU. is there any possibilty of malignancy. Or is there any risk with that nodule.
output: This is likely a growth of some sort, whether it is benign or malignant (cancer) can only be definitively determined on a biopsy. The fact that it has not grown much over 4 years makes it more likely to be benign, and would only require follow-up imaging. When there is enough concern for malignant tumors (for example if there is fast growth, or you have an extensive smoking history), the nodule would need to be surgically resected. If you are having other symptoms such as fevers and chills, then your doctor can evaluate you for an infectious granuloma being the cause of this nodule. TB (tuberculosis) or fungal infections of the lungs can do this. I hope this gives you some of the answers you were looking for.

input: My creatine level in February 2013 was o.53 with eEGFR Rate of 99. All other baseline tests were normal except for microscopic hematuria. I am 68 now with pseudomonas bacterial UTI that hasn t gone away even with ciprofloxasin. June 2014 creatine level was 0.9. Using same formula as used in 2013, the eEGFR rate is now 66!!! Same lab says Less than 60 indicates chronic renal disease. I know of NO risk factors (drugs, lifestyle, toxins, hospital care) that would make this happen. I look and feel very good.But the UTI isn t going away. Just saw my doctor, cystoscopy scheduled. He was not concerned.Any reason eEFGR could go down so fast??? (I am doing heavy contructioin work in my house.)
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You should not worry about that.  You may have urinary tract infection. Repeated urinary tract infection may be due to diabetes.  You should check your blood sugar level. Heavy exercise can also cause this.  So don't worry about that.  Repeat your creatinine level and EFR level after a month. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hello, I wanted to know if I have infection. I had a foot injury about two weeks ago and I have swelling. Since yesterday I started having an itch and I wanted to know if this is infection. I have blisters on the top of my foot and I still have a lot of swelling and bruises.
output: Hello, An x-ray is advised for the safer side to understand the pathology of the bone if it may have got any damage. Because if there is no cut or wounds then the chances of infection are maximum less. This must be a bony hurt which may have damaged the soft tissues around it. Also, the mechanism of the injury may have helped us to understand the injury better. I will advise to hot water fermentation, do feet, toe and finger strengthening exercises which can be performed under the water and lastly to keep the limb elevated so the swelling reduces, and the venous return is improved which will help the healing process to occur faster. But please make a note to take an x-ray of the foot in the AP and lateral views. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: hi,my name is vamshi, my age is 20. and am suffering from excess of saliva only in morning times....when i woke up daily early in the morning or late from bed always i need to get rid of saliva....and if i split it.again it forms when i return back to the bed....it continues till i brush my teeth.dont consider it as small thing salivation is very high!!! daily it annoys.....please help me.....thank you.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query, as you have excess salivation see this can be due to pancreatic, disease associated with liver, gastroesophageal reflux, Chat Doctor. Hope this will help you.

input: During the day today I developed a red patch on my gums.  Its darker than my gums. It does not hurt.  It is not swollen or bleeding.   I have very heathy teeth and gums. I go to the dentist 2xyr. Should I call the dentist and get an appointment?  Thank you!
output: Yes u shut visit a dentist....diagnosis cud be made when dentist visualises the condition....it is very important to know the signs before getting treatment to b started....

input: hi i have had a blood test because i have red eyes and a bloated stomach,and my test came back with my c reactive protein at 6.5.I suffer from pain in my abdomen and have had scans wich show i have kidney cysts in my right kidney,which they will not touch as im only 31.i am fed up of this after two years and have been told they are all seperate please help
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  Your other symptoms have no relation with your kidney cyst.  Treatment of cyst depends on size and location of cyst.  Small cyst can be treated by conservative way.  Large cyst need to be treated.  Many options are available.  Aspiration, decorticating or surgical removal are the treatment available.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Decrease the salt intake in your food.  It will reduce the blood pressure and reduce the burden on kidney.  Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: hi, take my greetings, last 7/10/14 I was scratched by a cat, I did bleed slightly. soon I washed it with antibacterial soap for 20 minutes and took tetanus vaccine, the following day 8/10/14 in the morning I took rabipur vaccine 1st dose, and took the 2nd dose after 3 days, as I took vaccine within 24 hours, can I think that I am safe? I feel slight pain whicChatDoctores and goes on my left hand where I was scratched. I also felt slight fever and dizziness, but it went away. plz answer my question.
output: Hello and thank you for your question. It is concerning that you are having fevers. There is something called cat scratch fever which can have many complications. I suggest that you see a doctor as soon as possible to evaluate you for this. If you have it you will need to be on antibiotics to treat it and prevent complications. Good luck to you.

input: my daughter had abcess in her buttocks they lanced it,drained it ,cleaned it and packed it sunday...took packing out today everything looks great except ahard lump in it now..her fever is gone and is on antibotics and is healing fast just didnt knw if I need b real concerened with the lump?
output: Hi, That hard lump is just induration....it will slowly resolve with anti-inflammatory medicines she is on...don't worry...

input: Hi I am currently taking celexa 40mg daily for over 5 months...I have noticed I am losing time usually its only a few minutes here and there but today was different..... It was a signification amount of time from 12:27 until 3:15...A coworker was leaving work and it triggered me to ask him what time it was. He said 3:00 or so I only thought and felt like around 30 minutes of time had passed and I don t recall what I was doing during all this time.....
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. I'm not sure for what psychological problem you have been prescribed Elena. As regards to your memory lapses, they could be indicative of a neurological problem or a psychiatric problem (called dissociative disorder) You need a detailed evaluation in order to establish the cause. So, I would advise you to consult a psychiatrist for further evaluation and management. Wish you all the best. - 

input: Hi, I have a kid who is 13 months old. He does not eat well it is hard for me to make him eat. So i informed that to my Pediatrician and he gave me fortiron syrup. I just wanted know whether it is good to give my son the syrup. Whether it will cause any side effect. Do my son really suffer from Iron defecency so he is not eating ???
output: Hi, the syrup name that you have mentioned contains iron and is an iron syrup which is given in child Chat Doctor.  Iron syrup should not be given without proper evidence of iron deficiency anemia. You should do blood test like complete blood count with peripheral smear, iron studies and hemoglobin electrophoresis if your child is anemic. Based on the reports, proper treatment needs to be started. I hope this will help you. Take care.

input: My kidney transplant was done 12 yrs ago. Now Im trying for a baby, but HSG report shows that my right tube is block & my doctor suggest me to do a laproscopy surgery for remove blokage.Please answer me laproscopy is possble for me ?? Because Im a kidney transplant patient.pls pls help me.
output: Yes you can go for laparoscopy. But surgeon should be very expert so that kidney, blood vessels and ureter won't be disturbed. All the best. Another option is.if you have only one tube blockade you can straight away go for IVF. I feel that this is better option.

input: I received a birth control shot about a month ago because I am sexually active and dont want to become pregnant. The doctor had told me that there would hardly be any blood with periods and the cramps would almost be nonexistent. All of yesterday I had horrible cramps, the blood was a bit darker than usual, and there was what looked like a piece of skin with the blood. This has never happened to me before, and I was wondering what it could be.
output: Hi. Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor. The main mechanism by which a hormonal injection acts is through suppression of ovulation. An ovulatory cycle are painless and that's why your Chat Doctor.  Generally it takes some time for the hormones to act as they are administered externally, and the body takes some time to get adjusted to this hormonal imbalance. So, they may not be effective in preventing the ovulation in the very first month. If the ovulation has occurred already, then hormone injection will not prevent the fertilization but will certainly prevent the implantation. The tissue you saw could have been the expelled fertilized ovum. Also, heavy bleeding and delayed periods are common in the initial few months. If your period had been a little delayed following the hormone shot, then the tissue could be endometrium which is thickened when there is delayed period. If the bleeding persists and if you pass a lot of clots, then you should seek your treating 

input: Hi, I believe I have pericarditis due to cat scan and primary said so but cardiologist did noyt say for sure what it was but did no firther tests to determine. Fam doc put me on steroyds,,, twive and came back each time. Cardiologist wanted me to take motrin or alege but I have colitis and it disrupts my system. Do you have any further insite you could share with me. Maybe I should get another oinion? I felt horrible last night and the room was spinning while my heart has twitching and hurting....did not know what to do, esp when I broke out into a bad sweat? I am tired of this.
output: Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium with occasional pericardial effusion. About 90% of the causes are unknown. Most people will have viral type symptoms such as fever, myalgic, and malaise. Pericarditis can also cause cute, sharp, stabbing chest pain that can last hours to days. Some people will also get shortness of breath and pain with breathing. I am assuming you had a pretty extensive work up before being diagnosed with pericarditis. The work up should've included blood work with inflammatory markers and cardiac markers, as well as EKG changes. The first line treatment is usually ibuprofen several times daily for about two weeks. There are other anti-inflammatories that work just as good if you cannot tolerate ibuprofen. Steroids are actually a second line treatment but work just as good as ibuprofen. Generally, about 7 to 10 days of ibuprofen can significantly decrease your symptoms and pericarditis. You should also get plenty of rest.  Some people have will have recurrent pericarditis. You should also have an ultrasound of your heart to make sure there is no fluid around the heart. If you do not get better with ibuprofen in 10 days, I would recommend having a further work up to make sure you do not have my own pericarditis which involves the heart muscle.

input: a skin rash that began as a line of blackheads or eruptions with black spores under the breast  developed into red inflammed patches over trunk of body that came and went   very itchy   after months became hives that did not resond to regular antihistamines   what was the original  condition
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Most common cause of itchy eruption or patch under the breast is Tina corporal. It starts as pa pule and soon turns into a patchy lesion with scales and pa pule + vesicles at the periphery. Tab terminating 250 mg daily at night for 15 days will help. Sertaconazole cream to be applied twice daily. Tab Cetirizine 10 mg daily at night. Keep the area clean and Chat Doctor. Thanks

input: Hi, my friends husband mood will all of a sudden change.  Then he gets really mean and says things to my friend anything to hurt her feelings.  It doesnt matter what it is whether she didnt cook dinner right or put her down about her son, anything to hurt her and get her going.  When he is in a good mood they get a long great and have a lot more good times than bad.  But when its bad its really bad.  He has not hit her but he is so mad she does keep her distance.  It almost sounds like a stress of something with set him off.  He seems to have this mood change once every two months or so.  She is very confused and loves him but cant be abused like this.
output: HI, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I have gone through your available history. It seems that he is suffering from Depression with poor impulse control, but other illnesses like bipolar mood disorder or substance use should be ruled out. It is advisable to consult psychiatrist for detailed evaluation and management. Doctor after confirming the diagnosis, Doctor may advise treatment options like Chat Doctor. I hope He will be fine soon. Thanks.

input: Dear Doctor,I have been suffering from OLIGOSPERMIA for a long time now and no medicines could cure me. This has led to taking penegra or other related pills before lovemaking as my confidence has grown low and often i find my erection, not that hard and/or the duration is not long enough. I do masturbate often as this is the only way to keep my sex drive happy.Please suggest a cure
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have problem of Erectile Dysfunction. In absence of any major health issue the cause of erectile dysfunction is mind related and due to what is called as performance anxiety. Following measure will help you to boost up your confidence and getting good erection. And delay ejaculation.1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day.4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. If problem persists even after trial for 3-4 months consult qualified Urologist for evaluation and further investigations to find out the cause of Erectile Dysfunction. Chat Doctor. 

input: infertility problem : my husband having right side vericoceola ,erectile disfunction and low sperm count is 1 millions there any treament or solution for this.
output: A scrotal support with snug underwear may provide some relief of the pain or discomfort. If pain continues or other symptoms occur, further treatment may be needed. Surgery is the answer to correct a varicocele (varicocelectomy). The surgery is usually done on an outpatient basis. Sometimes sperm count improves after surgery in few patients. For erectile dysfunction regular perineal exercise helps a lot in good number of patients Disclaimer

input: My son is 2yrs 3 months. I feel He had liquid medicine carmicide without my notice. But he said it falled on his pants. How do I know whether he had it or its n overdose or what should I do to observe him. His pulse heartbeat or something else as he s already in bed fast asleep. Pls let me know
output: This oils can cause acidosis in blood, heartburn, vomiting, nausea, malaise, pain in abdomen, headache. When your child Chat Doctor. 

input: My pain started on March 10 in my left shoulder blade. I thought I had pulled a muscle at first. I couldn t lay down flat, I couldn t reach above my head, it hurt when I sneezed, and I couldn t sleep on left side. The pain has lessened now , but I still feel a weird feeling in left rib cafe and under left breast when I take deep breath.
output: It may be muscular pain due to heavy work load. You have not mentioned your age. Sometimes shoulder pain is also due to degenerative arthritis.

input: I have this lump inside my neck on the lower right side and its been there for about a year. A few years ago I had something similer but on the other side and it went away. It causes me no pain but it feels like its getting bigger. I had it looked at during my last physical and was told it was just a cyst.  I also have a bump on the back of  my head close to my hairline at the bottom. Its about the size of a penny and very hard. Ever since I discovered it a few weeks ago it has only gotten bigger and now it is very sensitive.I am a very healthy and fit teenage girl who is 5 7. Please any information would be helpful!
output: Hi, Good afternoon from India. T-Thanks for your query to My-ChatDoctor Clinic.-I studied your query in depth. I understood your concerns.-My opinion -You have 2 lumps-a-neck lump-which is mostly-Sebaceous Cyst.b-hard penny sized, which increased in last few weeks and now bigger and sensitive-mostly-this lump is -a boil with cellulitis-in hairline on the back of head. Treatment-Consult a Surgeon who would treat it with-a-Neck lump-being sebaceous cyst-is Excision and Biopsy.  Cure -is by-Surgical Excision Biopsy by ER Surgeon.b-Lump on back of Head-being -an Early unripe boil-which would regress after Antibiotics and Tb NSAIDs.-Hope this would help you to recover from worry-some query. Wish you a Fast Recover. Wellcome to Chat Doctor again.

input: I tried for a child last 1 year bur could not succeed. All the reports are normal. My doctor advised me to take an injection Fertigyn 10000 mg. on my ovulation date for conceiving child. Is that injection helping me for conceiving? I heard that by taking this injection, chance of conceiving twins or more is increased .Is that true? Pls help me or advice should I take this injection or not.
output: Hi, How are you doing ? Just by taking In. Foreign you cannot get twins or get pregnant. Foreign is hormone LH, which is released from brain. This hormone will only confirm ovulation, only if the follicle of right size is available. Twins can occur if stimulated by Tablets like Camphene (Closed or CCQ or Sphere) & follow-up stimulation with HMG hormone injectionsThese hormones have no abnormal side effects, so it is safe to take it. Just go through the checklist of investigations, if you have missed any do get it househusband- Semen analysis at least 2- done 4 weeks apart preferably in an infertility center (examination done by an Chat Doctor.  So check with HSG(X-ray with dye), or SSG (Scan with dye) or Laparoscopy all this done & found normal, nothing can stop a pregnancy with Gods will Hope I have cleared your query, do write back if anymore queries the best

input: Hi I noticed a lump bigger in my right breast than in my left, but I do not know what kind of lump is bad. I am 18 and I know it is very rare for it to mean anything but I have been feeling very sick lately. Sick to my stomach and my neck, back, and all of my joints have been hurting very very bad for the past few days. I have been getting headaches through out the day, and I do not know what is causing this. There is no way I could be pregnant.
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a physician, preferably a general or a breast surgeon, for clinical evaluation. Benign breast lesions (such as cysts and fibrotic changes) usually occur when there are hormonal changes (i.e. before during menses, pregnancy, etc.). Breast ultrasound may be initially recommended. If lesions are found, diagnostics and management (medical and/or surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Erythroplakia, I am trying to decide after two years of trying steroid treatment if I need to have the lesion removed.  The surgeon made it sound like it was pretty common.  I am confused as to if it is really necessary to have it removed or just to live with it.
output: Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Erythroplakia lesions are of more concern since they are considered precancerous. In your case the surgeon is probably doing the best way for you, as removal of the lesion will be the first step in it. Taking the whole growth is more advantageous, because if it turns out to be malignant, the doctor has already taken the first step in treatment by removing it. A pathological study of the specimen with determine whether it is precancerous or cancerous, such that it can be monitored better. Relax and go ahead with the procedure, though you can always take a second opinion from good surgeons. Hope this was helpful. Thanks and regards.

input: My daughter has a low-grade fever of 99.0.  Is she contagious with a fever this low?  She is supposed to have a playdate tomorrow with friends.  She feels great, and the low-grade fever is her only symptom.  She had a fever of 102 two days ago.  Yesterday and today her fever has been 99.
output: Thanks for contacting Chat Doctor with you medical concerns. You are concerned about your daughter having low grade fever of 99.0 She has no other symptoms then I would be reassured that she is not ill and does not have an infection. I think she can participate in play time without any concerns. If she does develop a fever higher than perhaps it would be good to keep her home for an additional day. Hope I answered your question. Please contact us again with your medical concerns

input: hi, i am samar, i am 22, married since two years..i have sharp abdominal cramp (like painful pinches last for only five seconds) in lower right abdomen, uterus area and intestinal area, severe cramping a week before periods, infertility since two years,
output: Hi! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, would examine you clinically to exclude any tenderness (pain on pressure) on the right side of your abdomen, and look for any other signs to rule out appendicitis. If I could rule it out, I would like you to be examined by a gynecologist colleague. At the same time, I would get your routine blood check up done like a CBC, Blood sugar, urine routine and microscopic test, and an ultrasound of the abdomen if need be. Further management would depend on the results of both clinical examination and investigation reports. Till that you might go for an anti-spasmodic Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: My age is 56 I have found 4.6 mm sized calculus at mod ploe of left kndney and Prostatic gland is midly measure 4.1*3.7*3.4 cm and prostatic volume 28cc Is there need to operation . or Is it possible to cure without operation ?
output: Dear subashwelcome to Chat Doctor There is a herbal preparation available in the market for Urinary calculus and prostetomegaly. Very successfully breaking stone rather than surgical procedure Including Chat Doctor. 

input: my 5 years old son had temperature of 39.2c last night gave him liquid paracetamol and hour half later his temp had gone down to 36.5c so he went to bed but this morning he is complaining of bad pain in back of neck in the middle he is unable to move it to side without crying in pain, i have checked his temp its 37.8c
output: Hi, If he don't have any other symptoms like severe headache/vomiting/cough/throat pain/neck swelling, we can take this as a viral fever with lymph node enlargement in neck (although it is uncommon in the middle back of neck) causing local inflammation and pain. Try giving him ibuprofen syrup(100 mg/5ml) 7ml three times a day after food. If he is not getting better by then, kindly take him to doctor for further evaluation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: hi, my son has gone through this surgery in 2005, but its size is like before,(very small),but urinal problem is cured. i want to ask that when the size& shape of penis will be normal? at what age? is there any problem? does he require any other surgery for the size to be normal.?
output: HI based on your history, I can infer that your child got a Urinary infection for which circumcision was done. No need to worry about the size of penis as it increases only after adolescence by hormonal effect. The important thing to look for is, the ease with which he is passing urine. Hope it answers your query

input: Hi, my grandmother recently had gall stones removed. She had the surgery a week ago tomorrow and is still experiencing extreme amounts of pain. Additionally, she seems to be having symptoms similar to a urinary tract infection - burning and constant feeling to urinate. Is that a symptom involved with gall stones or the removal thereof? And to add more to all of it, she has been having diaherra for over 2 months. Her doctor precribed her medications for this which help when she remembers to take them, but it seems to be an ongoing issue for her - even more so after the surgery. I m worried that my grandmother may have some other issues going on that the doctors haven t found yet. Can you help shed some light on any of this? Thank you!
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. This is rarely caused by gallbladder surgery unless there was bladder or ureter injury. But it would be reported. It is more possible reinfection which is common in people that underwent any surgical procedure since their immune system is weakened few weeks after surgery. She should treat it by taking the lot of fluids and antibiotic if necessary. Diarrheas may be experienced after gallbladder surgery but it shouldn't last for more than 2-3 months. If there is no improvement she may need gastroenterologist work up to rule out some bowel disorders. Thanks for the query. Regards

input: hi, i have given methycobal injection,as i am suffering with fatigue,dizziness,pain at the back head n shoulders,feeling cold n hot more than before,fibromylgia is diagnosed by my physian,my cbc s test are clear,thyroid is clear too, what is the reason for given me this injection?
output: Hello, In chronic fatigue syn Chat Doctor.  Probably that's why B12 injections may be given. In case of megaloblastic anemia also it may give. Don't worry about taking it. May not cause many side effects. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I am aged 54 yrs. I am diagonised as prostatomegaly with size 4.6x4.2x3.5cm; volume 36cc. I used to urinate normally without any pain & as often as I feel. I am having weight of 70 kg, 165 cm height, BMI 26, BP 100/70. I am also having fatty liver grade I with a simple Cyst measuring 1.0 cm in the right lobe whereas I never used to have drinks but used to smoke 2-3 nos a day. Sir whether this can be cured with medicines else need surgery. If it can be cured by medicines, pls advise the medicines that I need to take. Thanks for the help.
output: Hello Your findings suggests mild fat deposition in liver(fatty liver) with enlarged prostate. Fatty liver is a reversible condition. Fatty liver can be managed by diet control and exercise in the majority of the cases. Fatty liver may be due to many reasons like hepatitis, alcohol intake, obesity,altered lipid profile, medicines etc. You may need few blood tests like random blood sugar, routine hologram, lipid profile. You should avoid saturated fat and take plenty of fibers in diet. You should increase your physical activity and go for exercise regularly. Simple cyst in liver is age related developmental finding. It only need to follow up if it is asymptomatic. Mildly enlarged prostate need clinical correlation and further investigations.PSA(prostate specific antigen)should also be assessed in enlarged prostate. After clinical evaluation, you may need medicines to take like alpha-blockers and 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: My son is 15. He has had fever for 6 days. The fever has ranged from none to 104.5, with most days around 102. My doctor says its a virus and to wait it out.  He is extremely weak. No symptoms other than weakness and loss of appetite. The doctor has done a flu test, strep test, and blood test which revealed a high blood cell count, but thats all.  Advice?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Appetite loss and weakness or malaise is very common in the recovery or convalescence period of viral illness. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness only. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: I am 25 years old and my husband and I have been trying to conceive for 7 mths now.  We have had his sperm checked, I have had a HSG done, and everything was clear for the both of us.  My Prolactin level was at a 36 and my doctor wants to get it down to a 15.  He prescribed me Cabergoline which I have been taking for 2 weeks now and I will go back in another 2 weeks to have my levels checked again.  I have always had a regular cycle with mild cramps, nothing out of the ordinary and have never missed a cycle since I first started at age 11.  How worried should I be about conceiving and how long does it take for this medication to work?  Any advice?????
output: Sorry about your difficulty getting pregnant. The high prolactin for me is not an issue, since you have a regular menstrual cycle. Yours might just be a case of unexplained infertility and so your attending physician is trying to optimize your hormones to increase your chance of conception. You might need to take the Chat Doctor. * I am blowing baby dust to you... Hope this satisfies you, if not I am willing to give more help. Cheers.

input: My name is Tuan Kamileen Yaheya, 60 years of age, height 5ft 9 inches and 73 kilos in weight. Last Thursday afternoon I started to sneeze continuously and when I reached home two hours later, I had fever. I took paracetamol to fight the suffering. Next day I consulted a doctor who after a thorough external examination prescribed a series of drugs to be taken for two days.Even though four days have lapsed I still continue to have a prickly pain in the body, and a lack of vigour. I feel drowsy and lethargic. Please give advice. Thank you
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having viral infection giving sneezing, body ache, malaise. This will remain for few days. Take ibuprofen, paracetamol combination medicine for 2-3 days as and when required. Take some decongestant, anti-allergy medicine like Monte LC. Take plenty of water. Take complete rest. Avoid cold Chat Doctor. 

input: I have little circular blister like sores on the roof of my mouth along the bony palate. I had an upper respiratory cold and flu for two weeks.. Went to the doctor and she gave me some oral medicine to swish, a nystatin..but my mouth does not look like thrush at all..the area is sore and tender.
output: Hi Dear, Understanding your concern. As per your query you have symptoms of blisters on the roof of the mouth which is mainly due to canker sore, cold sore, dermatitis and could be production of acid. Need not worry. I would suggest you to Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello. I was on Beyaz for a around 3 weeks and had un protected sex. I was also on azithromycin for 5 days. I did get my period on the time I was supposed too. I started my new pack of pills on time and everything was fine. Well on the 3rd week I messed up and skipped two pills. I had to restart a pack and now have been spotting for over a week. Help!
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today.First, I want to tell you that the antibiotics you took in the first pack should not interfere with the birth control you took, and the fact that you got a normal period on time means you do not have to worry about pregnancy. Missing two or more pills in a row usually causes some breakthrough bleeding a few days after the missed pills, even if you make them up.  This is the bleeding you are experiencing now.  It most likely will stop eventually, but may continue until you finish this pack. You maximize the possibility of stopping the spotting by trying to take your pills at the same time every day.  A way you can help remember your daily pill is to take it at the same time as some routine activity you do every day, for example brushing your teeth, or having a morning coffee.  Carrying your pills in your purse all the time can also help if you do not consistently stay in the same place every night. I hope I was able to answer your question today and that this information was helpful. Best wishes,

input: Hi doctor, I am 10weeks pregnant my doctor did the scanning and said that baby is good but there is some blood clots for that they gave ChatDoctor inj and said that next week also will give . I had an history of miscarriage in the last pregnancy hence they gave ecosprin, duphaston medicines so far. Now they told me to stop ecosprin and they gave duphaston twice a day and folic acid tab with first dose of ChatDoctor inj. Doctor m waorried a lot about clot will it be clear by taking of ChatDoctor injection plz clarify me .
output: In Chat Doctor will not clear the clot but in Chat Doctor will prevent uterus from contracting and prevent abortion. Ecosprin helps in preventing spontaneous clot formation in blood vessel. Ecosprin is stopped now because as younalready have developed clot that means that you had some minor bleeding so by stopping esprit further bleeding is prevented. Duphaston will also keep the uterus in relaxed state and prevent abortion. Folic acid prevents brain abnormalities in baby (neural tube defects).hence folic acid is given

input: Hi Dr, I have a 5yr old daughter and soon i will be giving birth to my second baby (boy) i never in my life taken prevention tablets or injection and i am scared to start now. my hubby and I have decide that this is our last baby and i want to insert a loop. Is it possible that they can insert it immediately after giving birth? Is it safer? should i wait a month or two after giving birth? Please advise. My e-mail add is:- YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, inserting an intrauterine device after childbirth is usually done around 6-8 weeks after birth. Because the uterus is back down to it's normal size then. The doctors won't insert it directly after birth - as the uterus still has to shrink back down to the normal size and any intrauterine device wouldn't be" held" by the uterus. Most women won't have sex during those 6-8 weeks - as you are still postpartum - having postpartum discharge which is first red and slowly turns a different color until it stops after about 6-8 weeks. You can usually talk to the doctor at your postnatal check-up - or just after the birth so that the insertion can be organized for you ahead of time.  Hope this has helped. Kind regards, JR

input: My grandsone was dionosed with cancer when he was 16, he went to Johnson city childrens hospital..we need his records so he can be checked again he will be 21 in May,,,no one seems to know where they are, He also went to Pittsburg, Pa childrens hospital...How can I get his records so he can see if he is still in remission?
output: Dear bumblebee, You can see your primary physician who referred you to Johnson Hospital. If you don't find the record with him, you could give the tentative date of your visit to Johnson hospital Medical records section who could find your grandsons record. If this does not help you the health authority who maintain the National cancer register, visit them and telling them the tentative date of of completion of your grandsons' treatment they might be able to give you the records. As regards whether your grandson is in remission you can visit your primary physician and apprise him the history of your grandson, he will perform necessary investigations on your grandson and let you know his present status. Hope the steps advised might help you in achieving your mission. Truly,

input: Ive had an upper respiratory infection and I was taking antibiotics and steroid, Finished steroids yesterday and today I feel like im tingling all over my body. Almost like nervous in a way. Could this be from the medicine or should I go back to the doctor for revaluation. Im still having respiratory issues, from allergies.
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* Steroid is an immune suppressor and reduces inflammation.* Once you stop the consumption of steroid, body takes certain time period to produce adequate levels of natural cortisol, due to which there is tingling sensation in the body.* So there is no need to consult doctor for tingling issue, but for respiratory issues have to consult doctor if annoying. Hope this will help you for sure . Wishing you fine recovery. Welcome for any further guidance. Regards .

input: i have been coughing for a month now with phlegm and im worried now cos sometimes my phlegm is green and yellow with a bit of blood i have observe this for 2 days now.I have rheumatic heart disease and taking up my pills.i have been telling to my doctor that im coughing and she never give me medicines to take to stop my cough.im taking up some cough medicines now like solmux and flumucil.can you advice me on what i need to do.              THANK YOU!!!!
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Rheumatic heart disease can cause pulmonary edema, pulmonary hypertension, pneumonia and pulmonary embolism. All these conditions can cause cough with expectoration and hemoptysis (blood in sputum). So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray 3. 2d echo 4. CT pulmonary angiography if needed. You may require antibiotic, diuretics or other supportive Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. First diagnose yourself and then start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I am on the pill and i dont get a period because of the pill, but i forgot it for 4 days and started taking it again straight away but ever since if i go to the bathroom then wipe it comes out pink or with a bit of blood or sometimes brown on the tissue and its not painful and it been a week now, what do you think?
output: Hello ma'am and welcome. As this has occurred after missing a dosage of your birth control pills, this presentation could be attributed to a possible hormonal level change or even at times a with Chat Doctor.  Please consult your doctor for the same. Hope this helps. Best wishes.

input: I am having abdominal pain and bloody liquid stools.  The abdominal pain started yesterday and the bloody liquid stools began just within the last 2 hours.  Should I go to the emergency room or urgent care or wait to see my primary care physician tomorrow?
output: Cellophane you for trusting ChatDoctorDear loose stools with blood may be due to bacillary or amoebic dysentery. If pain is severe and if loose stools frequency is more with your observing deny Chat Doctor.  If no don't worry take tab.of lix ornidazole twice a day for five days.tab.popular thrice a day for five days.  

input: i am having jaundice since 25 days. my bilrubin level was 6.5 then 12.5 thereafter decresed to 5.3 then 2.1 and now SGPT and Alkaline Phospate is normal. HBSag test was negative. How long I hav to avoid oily foods. plz suggest me a diet an plz tell am i affected by any virus that caused jaundice? how long i would be suffering from jaundice?
output: Hello, According to history, you have jaundice, but you have not mentioned which is a causative factor for it. Rule out hepatitis A, hepatitis B, hepatitis C and hepatitis E by the biological marker. If it is hepatitis A or hepatitis E, then no need for further testing, and it will recover in two to three months. If hepatitis B or C then repeat the test again after three months and six months to check for carrier stage. Until two to three months, avoid high fatty foods, trans fat foods, and pizza etcetera. Fruit juice, sugar cane juice, Apple juice, Indian gooseberry, grapes, coconut water etcetera beneficial. Adlio should prescribe. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My husbands Semen analysis report is like Volume=2.5mlReaction: AlkalineViscosity: ViscousTotal Sperm Count: 45millions/mlMotility:     Rapid: 10%     Progressive:20%Morphology: 40% NormalWe are trying to conceive from last 6 months and no success till date.Im having early bilateral PCOD and under medication of metformin 1000mg/day. After having medication my period cycle is pretty normal now. Is there any serious problem to conceive?Thanks
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. You wrote about the values of the seminal analysis of your husband. Whether your husband abstain from sex at least 3 days prior to seminal collection. It should not be more than 7 days. Then only the results will be more reliable. As per the present result, the motility of the sperms are not adequate to make you pregnant, and regarding the morphology, more than 70-80% normal sperms constitutes a good quality of semen. It may be due either infection in the reproductive tract or may be due to varicocele etc. Physical examination and presence of pus cells will confirm the cause. You have to ascertain whether your ovulation is regular following the treatment for POD. If all problem attended with due care then there will not be any problem for you becoming conceived. Wish you a happy family way ahead. Chat Doctor. Morgan

input: Im an 18 year old girl and I have constant lower abdomen pain. First it started mostly on the left side,now all of the lower abdomen hurts. It hurts even more when Im walking or when Im in bed laying on the side or sitting with my knees up and pressed together. It hurts the least when Im laying in a straight position. This pain has been going on for about 8 days now. Now I did have unprotected sex 2 weeks ago but it was the day after my period ended and I took the morning after pill straight after so it is not pregnancy. Thank You for your help
output: Hi, Having a constant lower abdominal pain might be related to: - urinary tract infection/or other problem - genital infection-bowel problems advise running further tests in order to determine the right diagnose: - urine analysis-vaginal swab testing-abdominal ultrasound- examination of stool for ova/parasitesDepending on the tests results, specific treatment will be prescribed. Meanwhile, I advise to: - Chat Doctor. 

input: hi, i m 25 years female weight 54 kg, i have pain in right abdominal area and also am suffering from mld loose motion, in the past i have been diagonised with high temperature due to typhoid and there were swellings in the abdomin as reflected in the ct scan report...but doctors suggested these swellings are due to typhoid...do u think i m infected by abdominal tb
output: No. Abdominal TB will have different findings on CT scan. You can repeat CT scan after one and half months to ascertain this. You can also go for Gold Quantifier test of TB now. If this is positive your suspicion of Tuberculosis can be considered. First get well from Typhoid.

input: Hi there I m 27 and in great health otherwise, but for the last few days I ve been having a pain in the right side of my head (feels deep..like in my brain or something). It happens when I laugh, cough , bend over etc. I m wondering if this is a cause for concern or what it could possible be from. Thanks! YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Based on the description, I suspect that you could be having COUGH HEADACHE which usually results from increases intracranial pressure during coughing causing headache. The other possibility is a SINUS INFECTION, for which a X-ray of the PNS or a CT scan will establish the diagnosis. Based on the severity of involvement a course of an Antibiotic along with anti-inflammatory agent or a surgical Chat Doctor. So, a detailed clinical examination and appropriate investigations are needed for further management. Hope this information is helpful. Good day

input: My son had a blister on his big toe about 4 weeks ago. Since the blister has popped we have been unable to get his skin back to normal. He s had 3 deep cuts on his tiny big toe and the skin feels very rough like a callus. A couple of the cuts look fairly deep. We ve been putting medicine and trying to keep band-aids on his toe to get it healed. How do we get him back to normal? Should we be concerned?
output: Dear Sir/Madam have gone through your query and read your symptoms. In my opinion, you should be concerned and need to consult an or tho doctor early, as only by seeing the condition one can judge the magnitude of problem and thus provide you with appropriate solution. I hope that answers your query. If you want any more clarification, contact me back.

input: I think my boyfriend ins passive aggressive. He came after me the first day of school. after our first date he never called back, then he stopped comig to school, then he d show up. sometimes he d say hi, other times he wouldn t look me in the eyer when he spoke. Then I invited him back to my apartment. He didn t make love to me he didn t kiss me, I saw his face, he made as effort not to get into it. I m really attractive so I knew something wasn t right. He admitted to me that he wanted to tear me to pieces when he first saw me because he wanted me so badly. It s been up and down. He wants me but he plays these strange sulky games. I m confused. Also he has had 2 dui s and a felony for breaking in to beat up his sister s boryfriend. He is highly intelligent, a student as the Uof I. But unable to connect emotionaly. He has grandious ideas about becoming a politician and says that is why our relationship must be a secret. I m 14 years older than him. I know something is wrong with him but I ve never come across this type of behavior.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  To know more about him is the only way to find what is troubling him. I rather say that as he is intelligent (in your opinion) he is playing safe. You have the capacity to understand him. As he is an aspiring politician, as he says, he wants to keep himself away from affairs, which might trouble his future. That is a good opinion. At least he is focused towards his future. Things like flirting and having sex is not his concerns. He is much more matured than that. Understand him and adore him. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi, my 3 yrs old daughter having cough on and off since 4 months ago. It was stop after taking cefurozime, but only for 2-3 weeks. Start again, then stop for 1 week after taking augmentin. Then start again, now doc is giving her augmentin for longer period. Previously only 5 days, now is 7 days.  Pls help what is actually happened to her.  Is it her cough actually had never recover since the 1st day??
output: Hello and thank you for your question. It is possible that she is developing asthma. She needs to be checked for this. It can cause a recurrent cough. She may just be getting recurrent infections, but asthma definitely needs to be ruled out

input: Ive been getting serious chest congestion that last up to 7 days too two weeks every now and then. About a year ago I got bad chest congestion that lasted up to two weeks. It got better and I went on with my daily tasks, about 4 months later I got terrible chest congestion again, I got better within two weeks again. So a year later I got chest congestion again, it lasted one week. About a month later (A few days ago) I got bad chest congestion again, it gets to the point where I cant walk Im so out of breath and Im worried that it might be more then just chest congestion, I do have severe allergies. And it gets bad sometimes when the mold is high. Im wondering do you think I might have COPD or any other serious condition?. Im young and I dont smoke. My family doesnt have a history of diseases so Im at a loss.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you are having severe allergies, possibility of asthma or allergic bronchitis is more likely for your symptoms. So consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test).PFT will not only diagnose asthma, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You may need inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone). N acetyl cysteine (NAC) is also beneficial to relieve congestion. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hello Doctor, Im Rani 30 yrs female living in kuwait. Past 4 days i have sever bodayache and fever . Went to clinic, they gave Brufen,Amoxcyllin and Actified tablets. they also gave me a injection to redu ce the temperature. it was fine for a night and next morning the same problem started again. So today i have fever, headache, body pain and sore throat as well. Please advice any medication and food intakes during fever.
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have fever with headache and body ache along with sore throat this seems to be viral fever or flu. Need not worry. I would suggest you to 1) Take anti-inflammatory medications such as Ibuprofen to prevent fever and body-ache.2) Chat Doctor. 3) Do warm saline gargles.4) Take analgesic such as Flexion and take light diet. Your symptoms will resolve in 3-4 days. If symptoms keeps on persisting visit general physician once and get it examined and start treatment after proper examination and prescription. Go for blood tests an s well. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: I am pregnant, 33 weeks now, i fell towards my back, and since then am facing severe pain while i sit and try to get up.I am really scared what happened, I consulted my gynecologist doctor who inturn asked my to consult Ortho.Ortho has given only analgesic-Dolo 650 and an ointment. its been 3 days now, but nothing is helpin out, I am really scared why I am not able sit and get up , its paining heavily when i try to get up.Pls suggest me something.Thanks
output: Hello, Welcome at Chat Doctor. I have read your query completely. I can understand your problem. Different phases of pregnancy test your inner strength. During pregnancy there is already ligament laxity to accommodate the newborn in womb. Your fall may most probably lead to stretching of ligaments. Chances of bone injury looks to be very less. I will advise you to do rest. This will help you in your recovery. Wish you a happy & healthy life.

input: I am a 58 year old Black Woman and Im having a hard time breathing, I ve never had asthma or any other pulmonary disorder. I am currently off my diabetic medication because I don t like the side effects, however, I have not experienced any trouble breathing until recently. I can stand to lose 75 pounds or so and I am 5 7 inches tall. Can you give me a clue?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since you are diabetic and not taking treatment, your diabetes must be out of control and very high. And uncontrolled diabetes is a risk factor for heart disease like hypertension, angina, heart failure, coronary artery disease etc. Other risk factors along with diabetes are1. Old age (age more than 55)2. Post menopausal status. So get done ECG and 2D Echo to rule out cardiac cause. Uncontrolled diabetes can also affect lungs. So get done chest x-ray and PFT (PULMONARY FUNCTION TEST) to rule out pulmonary causes. So consult doctor and discuss all these and get control over diabetes.

input: i had server craps in my stomach early this morning was sweating as i was going to pass out i layed down on bathroomfloor my bowls opened n i had loose creamy stools for ten mins. for last few days ive been very hot and sweaty i thought mybe my hormonies are changeing my kids called ambulance they took me to hospital did blood test and said everything was fine they sent me home with bioscope tablets which helped cramp.around 11 this morn i had a slice of toast and my bowl opened in my trousers i had bloody stools with a few lumps in it everytime i go to the toilets its loose and as i wipe myself i have fresh red blood on tissue. im still have pains in stomach . i have been fasting for a week this all started this morning at 3 when iwas making breakfast for family usually im fit. but for last few weeks ive been having pains in ankle area and calfs.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history...your symptoms of sweating, severe weakness followed by uncontrollable loose stools indicate that you are suffering severe form of gastroenteritis. Although you have visited the ER, I think you need to be given intravenous fluids, intravenous antibiotics and supportive therapy. I would advise you to take a course of antibiotics, metronidazole, probiotics and supportive therapy. You also need the following investigations :CBC, urine and stool tests, ultrasonography. Serum electrolytes. The pain in the calf and ankle may not be related to the present problem and needs special examination by an Orthopedic Surgeon.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...i have a girl that is 18 years old. she must go an change her blod many times. she lives inn thailand. they cant find her type. the body rejects it. i am not sure  wich type her blod is. But maby the give her wrong. they say that it dont look good. what is it inn her body thats wrong. they wont give me anwer i understand. Please help. I am crying my tears. the condision is called talasimia
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. She has thalassemia and already taken multiple blood transfusion.  She may have some unknown antibodies in her blood that react with donors blood.  Furthermore, she should be given compatible blood.  Furthermore, she should go for antibodies panel test once to search the exact type. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I had a hip joint replacement in my left hip. It was in july 2011 and being one year over now. How precautious i should be? Can i go on with my regular activitites. Am aged 33 now. Not working for now. But waiting to get a job in OFFICE ADMINISTRATIONS.
output: Hi, This question is best discussed with your surgeon or rehabilitation team member since we do not know your pre-op condition nor the type of hip used or the present condition. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: My 9 yr old granddaughter has lower stomach pain. Went  to drs and said she was at start of ulcer, gave meds for ulcer, and nausea. But she still complains constantly of nor feeling good. Im at a loss .  I dont know if she is actually NIR feeling well or wants attention. Please help.
output: Hi, Unless there are red flag signs like - green or bilious vomiting, incessant vomiting, blood in stools, blood in the vomit, rash, joint pains, seizures or family history of renal of gallstones - you need not worry about the pain abdomen. The possibilities are - 1. Mesenteric amenities.2. Attention seeking behavior. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi - i have been for a HSG xray today. only my left tube filled and spilled ? i am a little confused as to what this means in terms of getting pregnant ? i am 39 years old, and have been trying to concieve for 18 months unsucessfully. i have 1 child, with the same partner. thank you in advance. emma YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, your HSG reports suggesting that your left tube is patent and probably right tube is blocked, as ovum releases from one of the ovary each time patency of the tubes are necessary, anyhow as one of your tube is patent still there is possibility for pregnancy, you better to verify for once for the possibility of any hormonal disorders which may also be contributing for secondary infertility and take treatment accordingly. Take care.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...I am 50 y old man from syria , have elephentiases in my left leg since 1 year ( cause infection not parasit) most of the doctors have no experiance with the treatment , is there any cecters in USA can deal with the syndrome , i can come any time thank youAyman
output: HiT hanks for posting you query on ChatDoctorElephantiasis is a disease caused by a microfibril Wuchereria Bancroft. But not all swollen legs mean elephantiasis. A possible leg tumor should be eliminated as well. The diagnosis of elephantiasis is usually confirmed by identifying the microfilariae is a blood sample collected at night or through an immunodiagnostic test. Treatment nowadays is with median. In the US, microfibril is not an endemic problem like in most African countries. But when the test comes positive, the Chat Doctor. Hope my answer will help you Best regards

input: My daughter is 16 with back pain, hip pain and some numbness in feet and hands. MRI shows excess spinal fluid on her spinal cord. She also has a vertebra that that did not separate. We are being referred children s hospital. Just want to know what could be wrong and what to ask dr. Only lower back MRI was done and X-ray
output: Hi, welcome to our site. I am Chat Doctor, MD. Read your query. That is a very significant question and I appreciate your problem. I will try my best to answer your query will suggest an MRI Brain with spine screening as well. Here is why-The fluid is produced in the brain. Ideally it is meant for the cushioning effect. In certain conditions called HY Chat Doctor.  The fluid produced is too much2. The fluid is not sufficiently absorbed backstair is a possibility that the same high levels of fluids may be present in the brain. Now you have said she has upper limb issues as Wells there may be a problem in her cervical bones too. So an MRI brain with screening of spine would be my choice of investigation hope this helps you. Inform the reports mentioned above/if any other, so I can be of help further. I have given you the answer to the maximum considering the information provided. The results of the tests could further enhance my answer to you. Please do understand that some details could be extracted from a detailed history and examination. Please feel free to ask another query. I would be glad to help you. Looking forward to your return query with the details asked so that I can help you further. (If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)Best of luck.

input: Hello, i work at target and lately (within the last 24 hours) i have been having a problem walking. I will be wakling in a streight line and i will be fine. Although, when i turn i feel like part of me is still walking forward as i turn.. making me feel very weird.. whats wrong?
output: Good morning Mr. or Ms. Targette Friendly Person or as I like to say, (TFP)....Ha!I am 

input: Hi My mother who is 80 does sit lot,when sitting her legs turn red from the feet up and are swell up also..With the redness she has pain..What I would like to know if this is caused by the heart..She does have heart problems..Just about to forget she also has heat with the redness and shinny legs. Sorry to take up your time I thought this was free..Can t afford 15.00..Thanks anyway
output: Hi your mothers condition is caused most probably by weak heart pumping action which leads to accumulation of fluid in the legs and feet. This part is below the heart and gravity contributes to this also. In addition, she may be having a partial block of the veins which take the blood away from the legs.  She sits a lot which is not good and should walk around and use elastic stockings which help this to some extent. Another important thing is a check-up by your doctor to see if the veins affected are the deep ones or those near the skin. Medication will be needed for this. Keep the legs elevated while sitting, and she may do ankle foot exercises to aid in pumping of the blood. You are most welcome and hope this is useful for your mother. Please take this advice free

input: 40 yr old male had heart cath 2 weeks ago. heart cath ruptured 2 times within 24 hrs post cath.am still having pain in groin and left side of penis. have not had an erection since having the heart cath done. is there any correlation between the two.
output: Hi pain in the groin is very common after catheterization, you can ask your cardiologist to prescribe you with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medicines like diclofenac and seratiopeptidase for a few days. If erection does not happen after 5 days of treatment also then pudenda nerve injury can be suspected, in that case test have to be done for investigating damage to pudenda nerve supplying the penis. Thanks

input: 10 year old daughter. Bad seasonal allergies (pollen). Our doctor suspicious of asthma. Has been using an inhaler for a little over a week. Also taking prescription Singulair and otc Claritin. Flonase, as well. Breathing and allergy symptoms have improved, but tonight has developed small to large patches of hives all over her body. Warm to touch and very itchy. To my knowledge, no exposure to poison ivy
output: Hello dear, Hives is like fire you should disguise quickly. I suggest:1. Dexamethasone 0.3-0.6 mg/kg intramuscular for 2-3 days2. Chloropiramine 0.1 ml/year intramuscular for 5 days3. Charcoal 1 tablet/10 kg for absorption of allergens.4. Allegra 30 mg once daily for 5 days5. Hypoallergenic diet Hope I answered your query. Don't hesitate to ask us if you have more questions. I will be happy to help you To wish your baby speedy recovery

input: Im 40, 52, 129.  It start with chill body ache on Fri, then Sat fever 102, cough with yellow greenish phlem, headache, body ache and chill, broke into a sweat, thought it was over, but then chill and sweat by Sun. Monday, today, in the morning still have chill and sweat, but by now midnight mucus is less.  Do I still need to see a doctor for antibotic?
output: Hellowelcome to ChatDoctori really appreciate your concern I understood your query, this is lower respiratory tract infection along with might be malaria infection so u go to your physician for test of malaria parasite and course of antibiotic for lower respiratory tract infection and if u have sore throat then start saline gargling and take proper rest for 3 days. Please kindly rate it and write a short review about your experience with me! Thank you and best regards!

input: Gud evening Doctors, I am already married for 15 yrs. but sad to say til now I cant bare a child due to my hormonal imbalance. My ob gave me duphaston for my menstruation to be maintained monthly since I have an irregular mestruation and polycystic ovaries. I really wanted to become pregnant please help me. What should I do?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Get your thyroid profile, FSH and LH and prolactin levels checked. Correct them accordingly. Since It's so long for your marriage. I suggest you to discuss with your doctor regarding use of ovulation inducing Chat Doctor.  This will help multiple follicles to mature and rupture. You need to monitor your follicle growth. Get your tubal patency done and go for GUI.  Here healthy sperms are selected and placed in uterus.  This increases chances of pregnancy.  You can try 4 to 5 cycles of GUI before proceeding further. You should get your husband semen analysis before starting your procedure. Hope I have been helpful. Regards

input: I have an ach at the lower part of my right shoulder blade. I have full movement of my shoulder with no pain, just this pain when I move my arm in a certain way and when I sleep. Is it a form of bursitis or like my mother would say , you have a cold in your shoulder. I came on a chilly morning in Florida no doubt! Do I Ice it or do I use a heating pad? It doesn t feel like I pulled something or I would have more pain.
output: This is because of bursitis in local area. Avoid heavy objects lifting with same limb. Remedy is1) anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 

input: I have had 4 screws, 2 pins, and a new vertabre put in my lower back 6 years ago in July. I did some yoga classes, and the last one was on Tuesday, and my back started to hurt on Sturday. I started a new job and it intails some lifting. after 4 days of this, while lying on my back, on the floor, I put my hands under my lower back and hurd and felt grinding. Can I have loosend or broken the screw? I m a 67 year old female in very good health.
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorYes due to yoga by the twisting any or uneven pressure effect could be the cause of displacement of disc. Yes there might be loosened and when it gives pressure to spinal nerve you feel pain. As the unset is sudden and just after a few days of yoga postural movement, so those chances are maximum. But if it had been a long day gradual origin then we should think for others factors like osteoporosis or any spinal growth etc. The exact cause can be found out by CT Scan of whole spine. Thank you

input: I am feeling this pressure on my left side, and its there almost all the time. I did have a CT done a year ago and the doctor said then my liver was enlarge. Now Im feeling something there aall the time. Thanks Jonathan
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor Liver was enlarged before one year in CT scan. Hence, evaluation needed this time again, and you can simply get investigated with USG abdomen According to cause further specific treatment given If liver still enlarged then investigation needed with bag detection, anti HCV detection like further investigation Alcohol history also should be ruled out If USG normal and Liver not enlarged then constipation or any functional dyspepsia can lead pressure in left side Hope your concern solved Take care

input: my boyfriend has been c/o pain in his neck for about a week and then while working out he had a slight pain in his chest with a pulse of 134 and a blood pressure of 143/92 then after two days he has now woke up with slight kidney pain and voiding yellow urine with stringy blood in it what in the world could this be and what should be done?
output: HelloThanks for query. Your boyfriend seems to have pain in chest, loin and blood in urine (Hematuria). This is most likely to be due to presence of stone either in kidney or Ureter. He needs to consult qualified Urologist for evaluation and get following basic tests done to confirm the diagnosis .1) Routine urine test and urine culture 2) Ultrasound Scanning of the abdomen and pelvis. Ask him to take antibiotics and painkillers. Further treatment will be decided by concerned Urologist and will depend upon the results of these test and final diagnosis, Chat Doctor. 

input: hello sir , m a 24 yr old girl and m suffering from hair loss since last 2 years, i went to doc and he suggested me minoxidil topical solution usp 5% along with kevon stay on lotion . i use th solution twice daily 1ml every time , since one week i have been using but no results found , even m lossing more hairs ..... and i have irregular menstruation problem too. so plz help me out frm tis problem.
output: Hello dear, Since you are giving history of hair fall with irregular menses, you will need a hormonal workup to rule out any hormonal imbalance. If it is found then you will need treatment for the same. Minoxidil increases hair fall initially as it causes the non growing hair to fall out and new hair to grow from the same hair root. You will have to continue with it and should see new hair growth in 3-4 months time.

input: Hello, I would like to ask a question about a friend...he has been complaining abouta lump on his testicle for some time now. Earlier today a doctor he met did a quick examination at his job and told him he may have a cyst but thinks it is testicular cancer (no major exams were done, just a basic exam with his hands) my friends father had testicular cancer and now he is nervous. He also does not have any health insurance...what is his best option? the doctor who examinied him gave him his number and said he would cut him a deal doing a scan and further medical help... or should he just go to the hospital as he is in some pain. Thank you!
output: Testicular lesions require proper clinical evaluation. This is followed by battery of blood and radiological investigations which support the diagnosis. However, the diagnosis of cancer can only be done by formal surgical procedure called Crevasses maneuver.

input: Ive tried ashwaganda brahmi combo and the first week I felt so much better,had more energy ...etc,then when I got my period had very intense anxiety simptoms.Do you think this might be do to those supplements.I started those to help with stress!Thank you
output: Hithanks for using Chat Doctor Ashwaganda Brahma is a herbal product. It hardly causes any side effect. In your case these anxiety symptoms may be due to premenstrual syn Chat Doctor.  If again have these symptoms, then consult a psychiatrist for further treatment. Thanks

input: Hi, I injected my self with Clexane a return from holiday 12 days ago. I had a P.E 6 years ago.I am having to have oral surgery shortly, would the effects,(blood thinning) have worn off by now? So would it be OK to go ahead with the surgery at this time? An early response would be greatly appreciated.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. Dear friend, Clean has half-life of approximately 4.4 hours for a dose of 40 mg.  Clean activity may persist in the plasma for 24 hours. After 12 days its level in blood is negligible. You have to do one blood test PT INR. This blood test will be very helpful for further management and plan for oral surgery. I suggest you to take Clean in proper doctor guidance with regular PT INR test. Thanx for query.

input: Husband has had lump just below elbow for quite some time. Had enlarged lymph node under same size armpit. Biopsied, benign. Still no reason for enlargement. Could this lump, that no physician seems to be concerned with, be causing something? Infection? Cyst?
output: Welcome Fairbanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems to be soft tissue swelling either lipoma, sebaceous cyst or any other boil.* However a clinical photo pic with mobile herewith as an attachment would be of great help to assist further. Hope this will help you. Regards.

input: yes I have a little bump on the back of my gum I brush my teeth regularly and I remember my tooth brush hitting the back of my gum it tends to flair up when I eat certain foods it sort of up under my tongue my dentist recommended  magic mouthwash but it still there what could it be!
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, This is due to the trauma caused by tooth brushing.  Don't worry apply Colonel oral ointment topically overt the affected area.  Take lukewarm saline rinses and antiseptic mouthwash gargles.  Maintain a good oral hygiene.  Take care!!

input: I am a 57 year old White Male who has been in excellent health for most of my life, in spite of being a pipe-smoker for a lot of years. Ht is 58 and wiegh 190 lbs. Married x 32 years. Statins for cholesterol seems to have taken a great deal of the fun out of exercise for me. Also, my fasting blood sugar seemed to climb along with pronounced leg and hip pain upon walking. Why are there no public broadcasts about statin effects with all of the complaints?  Paul Richard Strange, Sr.  YYYY@YYYY  Waxahachie Texas
output: Haismoking, diabetic for all these, statins are very important for your lifestyle to decrease the cholesterol levels with statins for longer time more concern is with the derangement of the liver function tests, other with generalized muscle weakness & myalgic.sugar levels are high due to your stress & pain, but then statins are more protective on the heart & the blood vessels. All the best take care

input: I found my 2 yr old grandson had opened my 1mg xxanex. A few were around him, but I caught it pretty quick.. I opened his mouth and didnt see any signs he has any in his mouth.. I have kept him awake for a hour. He just fell asleep because its way past his bedtime.. he acted normal until then.. I dont know if that was enough time.. I dont think he ate one. But just wanted to watch for any signs..
output: Xanax causes  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi Dr,i have to take fertab 50 for the first time soon,before doing an insemination,i already have one kid ,6 years old.Is there possibilities of twins with fertab 50 from the first treatment?i am 33 years old,168cms and 59 kgs,first pregnancy was so easy but this time it is not.all medical exams were good,but no pregnancy yet so my doc suggested fertab 50 coz maybe the ovulation is weak and simple insemination coz the spermes may are not living too much in the matural way,thank you for your kind answer.
output: Hi, I think you can have twins, but it is rare. Track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound and when your follicles is more than 17 to 18 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles. Will be done the next day. Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 months. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: A few times a week and a couple times a day sometimes I get really dizzy and lately my vision has been blacking out along with the dizziness. I can catch myself and sit down before I fall and it only lasts from 7-13 seconds. It s happened since as far back as I can remember. I m only 16 and I never thought it was a problem but it s just becoming more common and wondering I it s something to worry about ?
output: Hi, Hi, Spells of dizziness with blackened vision can be caused by - -refractory error of eye.  -internal ear problem.  -cervical spondylitis affecting nerve supply ti internal ear.  You need checking of eyesight/ ear/cervical spine with needful investigations... to find exact cause followed by specific treatment.  Thanks.  Please hit thanks if found useful.

input: I was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2006 (Gleason s 10/10). I had a radical prostatectomy and have subsequently been treated at MD Anderson with intermittant lupron and casodex. My present condition is extremely good and has been so since surgery. On my most recent restaging and evaluation (Sept 2012) the term malignant neoplasm of prostate was included as an alert notice. I did not read this note until just recently. I am wondering if this indicates a change in my diagnosis, or has this terminology been relevant from day one?
output: Hi, Your prostate cancer risk stratification should be mentioned. You should mention your baseline PSA value before treatment and staging based on pathology report. As your Gleason score was 10 most probably your disease was high risk prostate cancer. In this case adjuvant radiation may have some role (pelvic radiation). Anyway it is not clear whether radiotherapy was given or not. Now you have to check your PSA value at regular interval. As radical prostatectomy has been done then PSA value more than 0.2 NG/ml may indicate biochemical failure. Then your treatment can be changed. Another issue you have to know whether at any time your PSA value came below 0.03 NG/ml or not. This has got prognostic implication. Prostate cancer and malignant neoplasm of prostate are synonymous. Take care.

input: I tripped and fell on the pavement on saturday landing on my knee. It has a pretty big scrape below my kneecap and the whole area is very sensitive and painful to the touch. I can feel it swell up, but it all seems to be inside my knee. I have been icing it, should I be concerned that it is still so painful?
output: Hi, Any injury like this around knee has to be evaluated with X-rays and clinical examination. I suggest painkillers and check up by orthopedic surgeon. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I am a 60 yr old woman and recent diagnosis of enlarged mediastinal and ap window nodes. I have a 2cm cyst in right lobe of liver that is very painfull. 20 years ago I had a melanoma tumor on abdomen over liver area that was stage 2. It was big and required an 8 inch wide incision. The ct says the lesion of liver is a cyst, but I am concerned about the pain. I see a cardiac-thorasic surgeon in 2 weeks for the lymph node removal. Can the liver cyst be something more serious? I also had a melonoma on my forehead, cervical cancer and squamas cell carcinoma of vagina and vulva. With so much cancer history, I am very worried because of the pain and enlarged nodes.
output: Dear ! I have gone through your mail in details and could gather the facts. The liver cyst you've mentioned seems to be a simple cyst. It is very unlikely to be the cause of pain. Rarely a cystic liver secondary can look like this. Your treating surgeon can sort this out. Regards

input: Can pain in the lower right abdomen towards the back be my appendix even though I have no other symptoms? This pain in on the 3rd day. It was getting better until I picked up something heavy and it was like my insides ripped apart. What in the world?
output: Hi, I have read your complaints - pain in the right lower abdomen and back. The most common causes are - Appendicitis, Ureteric stone, ovarian cyst rupture in ladies.  I suggest you get an Ultrasonography of the abdomen, Blood counts and Urine examination. A thorough clinical examination by a Physician is of utmost importance.  Hence, I suggest you go to a Physician and later get ultrasonography(Advisable to not void/urinate for 2 hours prior to the scan as a full bladder helps the radiologist in doing the scan). Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...My baby just had her first round of vaccinations about 48 hrs ago. She was sleepy yesterday but ate very well. Today she was fine in the am but hasnt really eaten in 6-7 hours and has excessive gas. She is crying more too. ???
output: Hello, This is called evening colic and is quite common in this age group. This happens when the baby sucks at the breast very fast and in eagerness to Chat Doctor. Unless the air comes out like burping or flatus this discomfort will be there and next time check if the baby is sucking too fast and gulping in air too. You will be more convinced. Usually I don't advice any medicines for this as they give only temporary relief. The two best ways to relieve this distress is:1. Do not put the baby in lying position after feeding till the baby burps out the swallowed air.2. If still crying - put the baby in prone position and keep patting the back gently so that the baby passes off the flatus and gets relieved. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: hello doctor.. i am 29yrs old. i have had my AKT finished in july 12 ... ( july11-july12).are there any post treatment side effects which can be faced? i m facing some knee ache and putting on some weight too. worried about this problem. can u pls help me out?
output: Hello AKT treatment is not expected to cause knee pain. Some medicines in antitubercular therapy may cause liver damage. So, it is important to monitor liver enzymes during AKT therapy. Knee pain may be due to some reasons. You need proper clinical examination and X-ray of knee in AP/Lateral view can be taken. Further investigations can be done if needed. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Empirically you may take short course of analgesics. You may recover. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Just last night I stretched my left arm out and backwards, kind of like a yawning stretch motion and suddenly felt a strong, sharp burning sensation in my elbow pit. Now the burning sensation reoccurs whenever I straighten out my arm. What could be causing this and what should I do?
output: Hi, It can be due to over stretching of the tendons and nothing much to worry as it will settle by itself in a couple of days. You can take analgesics like Tramadol. Avoid strenuous activities, and you will be fine in a couple of days. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am going to see a urologist soon-was told by my doctor I have quite a large amount of Protein in my urine and two blood tests have shown dehydration even though I drink 3 and a half litres of water a day and only ever drink water (everyday no breaks or days where i drink less) I want to know what the results mean and why I have been sent to a urologist as my doctor was very vague and I did not feel I could ask....jst so you know have also suffered recurrent kidney infections for the last 8 years, I am 24.
output: Hello, Greetings from Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor.  Going through your case scenario carefully I presume your recurrent urinary tract infection over such a long time has been increasing sub-clinically and somehow progress to affect the kidneys. As per your age, sometimes condition like kidney stones or severe infection can show features of deny

input: Here are my symptoms over the past four days. Sore throat when swallowing, nasal congestion and sinus pain, eye muscle aches, headache, bad breathe with phlem in back of throat, bumps on back of tongue, stiff neck, all over body aches with concentrated backache and stiffness. Is this a sinus infection or something else. There has been no fever at all. Thank you
output: Hi, Thank you for your query. I can understand your concerns. It seems that you have upper respiratory tract infection(URI) due to virus. Over 200 different viruses have been isolated in patients with URIs. The most common virus is called the rhinovirus. Other viruses include the coronavirus, para influenza virus, adenovirus, retrovirus, and respiratory synovial virus. Sinusitis occurs as complications. One can have low grade fever which often gets unnoticed. Sinusitis alone will not cause backache and stiffness and other symptoms as mentioned by you. Regards 

input: I have had pain in the left side of my chest since I woke up this am. At first I thought maybe indigestion and took something for it, but it hasnt gone away. It seems to be underneath my left breast. I have previously been told I have mild adult onset asthma, but have never had issues with it.  I am wondering if this is something I sholuld get checked out? I had ekg done back in the fall when I had bronchitis because I said my chest hurt then and it was normal.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It may be best to be assessed if the pain is consistent and severe. If there are no other cardiac symptoms then it is not likely heart related, but it should still be ruled out by physical assessment and investigations such as ECG. These symptoms include: shortness of breath, palpitations, I hope this helps

input: hello doctor.. My baby is 5 months old. she has hair in her poop, she poops around 4 times a day and each time i can find 2 to 3 hairs in it. she has yellow color poop but before weeks she has a yellow and green colored poop. she is active and i think she has no stomach pain. what cab i do for it. thank you. regards chariga
output: Hi, Finding hair in poop means that your child has been swallowing her hair. This could lead to intestinal obstruction, so you should be aware to not let her eat hair. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi since Friday I have had terrible cramps in the very lower part of my abdomin to the point it actually hurt to sit. My bowl movement is normal and Im weeing normally it feels like cramps but I have been in the menopause for nearly three years it has made me feel feverish but there has been no real temperature and I have taken nurofen every 4 hours which does take the pain away. Today I feel in myself a bit better but the pain us still coming and going. Anything you can recommend??
output: Hi thanks for your query and proper history. The commonest causes for pain in lower abdomen in a post menopausal woman are :Intestinal infections. Lower Ureteric Colic UTI with severe cystitis. Prolapsed uterus with reconcile and systole I would advise you to have consultation with a general surgeon for clinical evaluation, examination and investigations to come to the diagnosis and give you a plan for further treatment.

input: I sprained my ankle a couple of weeks ago and my original doctor told me to stay off of it and I tried but I m just a independent person and decoded to start doing things on my own by day 3 now its 4 weeks later and my ankle is still swollen...what do I do ?
output: Hi Welcome to ChatDoctorI have gone through your query regarding your sprained swollen ankle, and I can understand your concern. In case of any injury, if swelling and pain persists An X-ray is advised to ascertain the position if there is need of plastering so that further damage should not happen. You should go to a specialist for proper treatment Asap Turmeric powder a spoon in a cup of hot milk in BF and at bedtime helps alleviate pain and swelling faster . Rest and intake of proper nourishing diet is also helpful in early recovery. Hope this helps solves your query. Take care, All the best. Wish Get well soon.Don't hesitate to get back TF have any further query.

input: i have had a tenderness on my right side near bottom of ribs on and off for 2 yrs, had and ultrasound 2 yrs ago for Gallstones and all clear. Since October 2011 its been bothering me more and more with pain going round into my back and up between shoulder blades. Went to GP after awful night 10 days ago had vomited once and had slight diarohea. Sent to Casulty where Xrays of chest and abdomen were clear, then an ultrasound came back clear, followed by an endoscopy which showed Duodenitis, follwed by a CT scan which was clear. A biopy of the Duodenum was taken and am awaiting results. Am on Nexium 40 mg for 10 days now and whilst the tenderness and discomfort near the ribs in the abdomen is not too bad the pain in my back is very persistent between the shoulders down low. I think the Drs are thining Crohns but I dont really fit the profile IMO. I am very worried and wonder what should I be asking my Dr when i return on the 30th for Biopsy results. Have you any ideas or input that could help me to help my recovery....yours sincerely M
output: Hello sir, Needs proper history and clinical discussion, please consult on my personal app, it's completely free.http://arth.link/ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, my mom is having 2.4 x 1.8 cm benign cystic lesion in her brain. MRI report shows a well defined lesion cystic space occupying lesion in the pons with internal debris as described. The features are most likely to represent at benign cystic lesion, possibility of a neurenteric cyst need consideration. The FLAIR hyperintense signal and internal debris is suggestive of proteinaceous contents/internal haemorrhage. Please advice for the above mentioned problem as soon as possible. Treament is going on with the consultation of Neurosurgeon doctor from last 5 months but how much time it will take no idea. Please reply on YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, In my opinion, this cyst since it is considered benign may be followed up clinically and with periodic MRI-s. Anyway, if it has caused significant symptoms, removal should be considered. Stereotactic surgery is a good option in such cases. Discuss with the Neurosurgeon for these issues. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: i went crowd surfing last night and i was droped about 6 or 7 feet about the ground and landed on my back with my legs flying over my head. I hit so hard it knocked me out of breathe and made me throw up. Now today my back hurts so bad..everytime i move i have sharp pains going up my back and at certain points when im walking i just want to collapse. Should i go see a doctor?
output: Hello, I have studied your case with diligence. As per your symptom and history there is possibility of acute muscle spasm in lower back due to injury these symptoms muscle relaxant with analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started consulting your treating doctor. Till time take rest and continue analgesic available over the counter take rest, and hot fomentation. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. You may need to do MRI spine if symptoms persist. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: had a accident over 10 yrs ago to my back. i have had back surgery to repair it and rods were placed in and a fusion was done at the L-5 S-1, rods from L-3 down. Also have spinal cord stimulator and pain meds daily. Is there any hope of it accually getting fixed or will i just be stuck this way?
output: Dear patient sorry to be the bearer of bad news but by the operation you have described it seems there is very little chance of the spinal simulator and rod to be removed. The pain meds may be reduced with physiotherapy, but there is no guarantee. I wish I could be of more helpmate care

input: Hi, I am experiencing some throbbing pain, whicChatDoctore on suddenly, in my back. It radiates from my lower right side of my back all the way to my knee , and pain worsens dramatically when I go from prone to standing or vice versa. If you have any advice on my condition please contact me as soon as possible. Thank You
output: Thank you for the inquiry this can be due to disc lesions or sciatica pain due to spondylosis. Ayurveda therapies are commended for this. Try the following medicines:danwadaram Thailand+ valid Narayana Thailand for oil massage(soft massage)Cap. Lumbatone 2-2-2-Tab. Lumbatone 2-0-2 Chat Doctor. 

input: I have been diagnosed with Stage III breast cancer. No treatment has started yet, as they have found a mass in the left ovary area, even though my ovaries were removed at the age of 27. I am now 67. I will have MRI and & pelvic ultrasound next week. My oncologist said she has not seen this before. I am asking if it is possible to have cancer where there is no ovary? I have never had any problems or symptoms since my hysterectomy 40 years ago. Could it be linked to the breast cancer, both on the right side? Thank you. I am currently in a library with a dead cell phone battery trying to calm my fears, but, cannot contact my doctor until I get a working phone.
output: Yes it is still possible to have mass in adnexa after removing the ovaries. It can arise from the tubes or from the uterus. Sometimes and most commonly after removing both ovaries, tubes and uterus, cancer can arise from the peritoneum, that is cells lining the abdomen. Since you have breast cancer, spread from breast cancer also needs to be ruled out since that is also possible.

input: I am just recovering from a 3 week viral infection that caused throat pain, voice hoarseness, sinus congestion, and chest congestion with cough. Just when I think I am finally feeling better, I have developed sharp pain in my right parietal lobe region that only lasts a few seconds but is severe with a lingering soreness. The pain increases with movement. I don t palpate any tenderness over the region other than a small raised bump. I do have a cold blister in my right nares. I am concerned that the cold sore in my nares is related to the parietal lobe pain. Should I have this evaluated?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Possibility of connection between nose problem and parietal lobe pain is very less. But in rare cases, uncontrolled, severe sinusitis can cause meningeal infection and brain damage. But since you are improving in sinusitis, possibility of this is also very low. So no need to worry much. Avoid stress and tension. Take simple painkiller like ibuprofen. Your parietal lobe pain will mostly improve. But if you are still having pain than better to get done CT thorax and CT PNS (paranasal sinuses) to rule out internal brain pathology. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: my son aged 1 yr 1 mth had high fever last thursday and was admitted to the hospital on the friday, reaching almost 40 temperature. His fever fully recovered on sunday, in which he was then allowed to be discharged from the hospital. today - monday, at home, his body begins to rash with tiny red spot on his cheeks and chest, and some at his stomach. it does not itch because my son does not scratch the red spots at all. and he has no fever. any idea what this might be? or this is normal for toddlers after high fever?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. It could be any viral erythematous illness. But as you quote them as red spots after fever - the possibility is any other trivial viral exanthem. I suggest you use calamine lotion as its giving results along with oral antiallergic like HY Chat Doctor.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: Hi, my son has broke out in a rash like nothing Ive ever seen before I been looking answer as to what it could be and i can t find anything even looks like it it s on his chest and back only it s really wierd looking . The patches are dark and spread all over his chest,back, and moving under his arm so basically confind to his upper body. He has no fever at little itchy but it just appeared suddenly.
output: Hello I think it is psoriasis rosacea. There will be preceding cold.there will be herald patch followed by rash.it can be cured by antibiotic and calamine lotion it can be self limiting

input: Hi,my husband had bad breath since childhood.after marriage,even i got it along with a slight change in voice.my dental hygiene was good.but started getting white spots on my tonsils which was diagnosed as tonsillar keratosis by an ENT specialist.Doctor suggested me surgery in worst case.But i dont want to go for a surgery n i remove those white keratosis with a sterile tweezer whenever it apppear. so no bad breath problem now. but my husbands breath smells very bad now a days. when i tried to see his tonsils,i couldnt see any keratosis or anything. Does he have any other problem? He never smoked or drinked alcohol.Which speciality should i take him for professional help? please suggest me. He is a bit reluctant to visit doc regarding this. Is there a chance that he had the same problem all these time what i am having after marriage?
output: reclothe reason for chronic bad breath could be either oral related or systemic (gastric problems) (kidney related) (liver problems)For oral related home carry doing these 4 things regularly twice daily morning and at night 1 proper brushing2 use interdental aids (proxy brush & dental floss) to clean in between teeth areas 3. Tongue cleaning is very important (use tongue cleaner)4. Start using mouth wash (for 3 weeks use chlorohexidine, and then you can use the milder one like list rein regularly)follow this strict regime of oral hygiene along with this u need professional cleaning every 6 months do visit dentist regularly and if it still persists than u might be having systemic problems. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello doctor ,my follicular study report on 11th day is 20*15mm ,endo 3mm.When will it ovulate?Thanks for your reply in advance.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor This is the right size for the follicle to rupture and cause ovulation. It can happen any day from now. It is better to do ultrasound follow up to find out when it has ovulated. You can start having sex from the day ovulation is seen till 2-3 days after that.

input: i noticed that my butt hole is bleeding when i wipe it, even if i didnt poop. it hurts a little to sit down but this just started happening. about a week ago my boyfriend put a small vibrator in my anus but idont understand why it would start bleeding NOW its been a week... what could be the problem?
output: Hello, It could be that you have a hemorrhoid that got inflamed with the vibrator. Use some preparation H or other hemorrhoid cream. If it does not resolve then see a doctor for examination and determination of cause of bleeding. Regards

input: hi doctor my wife had recent laparoscopic surgery,i tested my sperm countvolume 2ml,viscocite:Bone 7.1,Number:superieure 20.10*6/ml mobilite:70% in movement straight, 20% stationary, 10%immobilemorphologie:10% of macrocephalus,70% head regular,20% of macrocephalus culture:10% some elongated, 90% regular divers: GB3-5/ch,cel.epith.5-7/cmin this sperm count what is abnormal i m very tense and i lost my concentration please help me should we try for child or i need some medication,i am staying out of india there is no specialist docrors please advise some medicine.........
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. I analyze your report as, Volume 2ml (normal 2-5 ml) at borderline level normal. Viscocity normal pH 7.1 (normal 6-8)SPERM COUNT (query) normally it is 60-120 millions total. In your semen it is 20 million / ml and your semen is 2 ml, so in aggregate it is 40 millions means below normal. Normally if semen is taken after 3-4 days abstinence than its volume increases, so in that case it may be 3 ml than count will be normal. Motility is usually 90-100 % but in your semen it is 70% so they (sperms) are less motile than normal. Immobile 10 % and this is also normal (normal 10% immobile)20% are straight, and they are dead.  Rest of analysis is non-specific so no discussion. In my opinion consult a physician and get his opinion and treatment. Nowadays good and effective medicines are available in market, so you will GE alright in short time. If further any question I will help. Good luck. 

input: My father aged 79 who is visiting my sister in the US has had a heart attack and needs a valve replacement and triple by pass done. He has been in ICU from 2nd Nov till 19th Nov =, then was shifted to Rehab dept. till date. By the end of next week he will be fit to travel. Is it possible to do the surgery in your hosp.
output: Hello, He may be suffering from triple vessel disease along with that he may be having age-related aortic valve sclerosis. So maybe undergone valve replacement along with that bypass surgery.  So he may be travelled by doctors advice only. Please consult your doctor he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi around 6 weeks ago I went and had a mammogram for a lump around an inch long the results came back that it was glandular tissue, but I ve noticed the past few days that it has either moved across my breast or has grown and I ve also found a small lump under my nipple and what looks like red veins on the surface of my breast where the glandular has either grown or moved what should I do.
output: Hi.based from your description, it could possibly be an inflammatory reaction or any of those breast lesions. It could be a cyst, a fibrous (fibrous tissue formation) or fibrotic changes of the breast, which are all benign breast lesions. Malignancy must also be ruled-out. It is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for clinical evaluation. Diagnostics such as breast ultrasound and mammography may be recommended. Management (medical and/or surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Several weeks ago, I accidentally hit my knee coming out of a bad round-off backtuck. I hit it on the floor and now there is a burning, tearing sensation on the medial side of my patella. It progressively felt better and there was only a little pain when I would put pressure on my knee and when the quad muscles were being stretched. Today, hit my knee again on a bad roundoff backhandspring and now the pain is back in the same area; there is slight swelling. My knee was flexed both times when it was hit, but there was no twisting.
output: Hello, As per your history, it may be due to blunt trauma. For further assessment you may require MRI knee joint after orthopedic consultation. Till then, you can take tablet acetaminophen. Use support while walking. Use knee cap. Do regular physical therapy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: Hi my name is kenny guzman an ive bin battling with deppression for over 5years now im 28 years old with one child an I just feel like I have a lack of enerygy a lack of intrist an its to the pount ere its affecting my life an house hold as well as me working last time I went for a check up was about 4years ago on a deppression scale I was a 6 its 2014 an I feel like I have alot of pressur on me an I just wanto to know if u could try to apply for disability benefits...
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Depression will not go away if you sit idle and always think about it and always scold your fate. You have to decide, get up and GO. Work i the only thing which can take you out of this juncture. For which you have to be a bit persuasive. Self persuasive. Make sure you work, whatever may your physical condition. What ever may your mental condition. Ignore tiredness, laziness. Let me tell you, that is the only way out. Do you want to be out of your current situation? Then follow me strictly. Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...Should I consult Dr. Narayan Banerjee for very high LDL, VLDL but low HDL. wHAT IS YOUR FEED BACK AND ADVISE. ihard good an bad about him. Confused. Request your advice.-p.k.kundu
output: Individual physicians aren't a topic of discussion. The best source of advice of this sort is your family, friends and your primary physician. Given your obvious concern, a discussion with a doctor about your lipids is a good idea.

input: What is more likely to cause an upper lobe infiltrate? How and why?
output: Thanks for the query The answer is very simple, the most common cause of upper lobe infiltrate in tropical countries like India is Tuberculosis and next comes atypical pneumonia. One has to keep in mind breast Mets to Have a healthy living

input: Doctor my daughter vahishta is 7yrs and she is asthamatic patient and taking medicne Montair 4 mg since 6months and before tht also she had taken in dubai for 3yrs and i observed that she is loosing her memory by forgetting her studies and while studying she is completely blank. same is the case now. Plz i want to knw whether this medicine has side effects or not
output: This is no side effect because montelukast is safest is food allergy and the food causing allergy is causing effect on memory get blood serum tested for milk wheat nuts egg specific antibodies for elimination diet and everything will be fine

input: female aged 16 getting stabbing pain in chest that lasts only 10 secs and cant breathe when pain is present. this then disappears and alls well . started these episodes about 3 months ago but they are increasing. At hospital emergency -did ECG said that it was nothing. She still gets these attacks- please could you advise on what it could be?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since her ECG is normal, and she is young, no need to worry about heart diseases. In my opinion, she is having panic disorder. This is very common in teenage. So consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in her life. She may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, she will be alright with counseling and 

input: my daughter had a certain attack of rashes late in the evenin, i took her to doc, n the doc diagnosed it as urticarial rash n prescribed cetrizine syrup for 2 days...but today mrning wen i was getting her ready for school i noticed her face to be swollen with puffy eyelids......today being the last day of givin her d medicine..she suffers from bronchial asthma and since last few days had been havin head lice which im treatin with candid-tv shampoo.......wat can be the problem??????????? i am very anxious....heard dat can be a symptom of kidney disease..plz help...
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Apart from facial edema there is no other complaint present regarding kidney condition. Here if you want to rule out kidney condition then her protein level in urine has to be detected to rule out proteinuria. If protein present then chances of minimal change disease like nephrotic syn Chat Doctor. Both these case will respond to steroid like 

input: I have a allergy all over my body. This allergy has big phokas all around my body. I think this allergy is caused by dirty water I used to wash my hands. Moreover It is increasing in speed rate. Any suggestions, plz give me. I am really in difficult situation. (I am 18 years old.)
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Allergic reactions are treated by avoiding future contact with the source if possible and medications. The medications normally include oral antihistamines, topical steroids and in more severe allergic reactions systemic steroids. I hope this helps

input: I received routine blood work back showing an AST of 53 and an ALT of 74. I am hypothyroid, taking 1.0 of Synthroid per day. My TSChatDoctore back 6.3. What would cause the elevated AST and ALT? How likely is it that I have hepatitis or cancer? Can the elevated TSH affect the AST and ALT? I am a non-drinker and take no medications except Synthroid (not even Tylenol). I do take calcium cabonate and vitamin D (several hours after the Synthroid dose. I also use Metameucil wafers twice a day (again several hours away from medication). I am a 57 year old, white female. Other tests came back normal. I had a colonoscopy about 4 years ago, and was diagnosed with IBS.
output: AST and ALT are nonspecific tests, which means they could be elevated for many reasons. That includes both hepatitis or cancer. I don't believe the elevations are related to the high TSH. You are in an age group where chronic hepatitis C is commonly diagnosed. Hepatitis C can cause such elevations without a lot of symptoms. If you were my patient, that is one of the first things I would check. At the same time, you could also be checked for other types of hepatitis. Other problems with your liver or problems with your gallbladder might also cause the elevations.  Hope this answers your query. If you have more questions, I would be happy to answer them.

input: Have been masturbating for now 11 years. Am 26 years old.I have a girl friend and I want to settle.But am fearful of my manpower.whenever we have been having sex with her , I have been swallowing penegra 100mg.we hv been meeting once a month.She is not aware of my problem. Without penegra I can t do anything yet am fearing its sideffects of prolonged use.Pliz advise...
output: Hi I think you got habituated with Genera. It is not wise to take these tablets without check up. You can get a check-up with an Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care. 

input: Hi Im 14 years old im about 103 and Im about 50 Ive been having back problems for over a year now and Ive been to doctors and they said it muscle spasms. So ive been going to physical therapy for it. But when I have these muscle spasms my stomach starts to hurt and it get bloating. Can you please help me with some answers?
output: HelloWelcome here.Bloating can be due to  ChatDoctor. If no 

input: I have been on Microgestin 1/20 Fe BC for around a year now. This is the second month in a row I haven t had a period. I have this problem in the past and my doctor said its pretty normal but has changed my BC anyways. Both this month and last I ve had very, very slight spotting for less than a day and then nothing. Is it normal for my BC to pretty much rid me of my period like this?
output: The longer that you're on birth control pills the more likely it is that you will cease to have a period. It does not mean that the birth control pill is not effective. On the contrary it is working very well. The lining of the womb has become so thin that there is nothing to shed. In other words the progestin has won out over the estrogen. Many women actually like this as a side effect of taking oral contraceptives. You will have to take a stronger estrogen containing pill to avoid the side effect but I don't think there's any medical reason that you need to.

input: i am 35 yrs old and 43kg, i have pigmentation and acne problem doctor suggest me kojivit and flucort i used this for long time more than 6 months now i stoped my skin become thin and veins are very prominant and  more pigmaentation and acne problem also same. please suggest something
output: Hello dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have read your query and understood your concern. For pigmentation, Bolivia you may use but floor is a steroidal cream which is not advisable for acne, that too on face and for such a prolonged time. In such cases, i usually advice my patients to apply aider 20% cream over the lesions in nighttime and clindamycin gel in the morning. In moderate to sever acne, oral antibiotics like doxycycline, minocycline are advice. I hope it helps. If you have further queried, you may ask me.

input: I am a 66 year old male. I work full time a a lawyer. I am able to walk on flat ground without difficulty although I have a lot of pain in my left foot. I become breathless when climbing stairs or walking uphill specially if I am carrying something. This has been the case for a year or so but worse lately.. I recently ha d a chest infection.
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctorI understand your query and concern. Your symptoms are suggestive of mild to moderate pneumonia. I advise you to get a clinical examination and ECG,2D Echo of your heart, chest x-ray, ABG analysis immediately to confirm the diagnosis. Monitor your blood pressure, heart rate immediately. Chat Doctor. Pantop once daily for 14 days and tab. Deriphylline thrice daily, syp. Grillinctus. Avoid stress and anxiety. Avoid smoking and alcohol. Consult your pulmonologist for expert management and follow up. Hope I have answered your query at the moment. Post your further queries if any, Thank you

input: I am 28 yrs old my semen counting is 64% I want a child so what can I do??
output: Hello Bacchus;welcome to Chat Doctor If the motility of your semen is 64% then you are fine and if the normal form of sperms are more than 60% then you will become a father. So only semen count is not important you should write the detailed report to understand it better and guide you. I guess all the other reports of you as well as your wife are normal. The main criteria for having a baby are:--regular periods -proper ovulation-patent fallopian tubes -normal semen analysis If these things are normal you will have a baby To increase the chances you should have sex alternate day from 10th day of start of menses till 21 day as it is more fertile period. All the best. Thanks

input: hi dear doctors, my 1 year old girl is sufferign from constipation. and now i m using cremaffin plus 7.5ml once in a day. and she is doing fine now. my question is there any side effect if i will cremaffin plus for one year daily? my email id is " YYYY@YYYY "
output: You can give to child remain during 2weeks-1 month, but she can not Chat Doctor.  This is just symptomatic therapy. If you were give for a long time a fat -soluble vitamins, like as A, D, E, K would not absorb properly. It also gives anal irritation. You should give to her laxative food like as Dali, boiled rubber beetroots with 1 teaspoon of olive or sunflower oil. You can also give tomato soup with beetroots. Give to your baby -girl fresh juice 100ml from carrots, beetroots, orange, apple or rubber apple. Pumpkin soup or sheer from pumpkin is very helpful. ADU, salad from cucumber and tomato and onions with sunflower or olive oil. Corn oatmeal. You can give green tea with ginger and turmeric powder1/2 teaspoon for 2 glasses. She should eat more liquid. Thanks, best regards

input: FELL 12 WEEKS AGO ON BLACK ICE. RIBS IN LOWER BACK STARTING HURTING. HAVE SWOLLEN LUMPS ON RIGHT SIDE AND LEFT SIDE. PAIN IS SEVERE AT TIMES. HAD X-RAYS AND NOW DR. WANTS TO HAVE CT SCAN. ALSO HAVE STOMACH PAIN. SHOULN T RIBS BE HEALING BY NOW. I AM 82 YRS OLD.
output: You might have broken your ribs at the time of injury. The swollen lumps might be of uniting fracture.12 weeks is enough time for fracture to get united. But as you are still having pain and even your age is 82 the fracture might not have united and that's why you are having pain. Ct scan advised by your doctor is to check the union status of the fracture and also to rule out any other pathology.

input: hi my name is Sue while in the store shopping today a man beside me fell over and had a seizure, ive had some training but not alot with this........just wondering if i did the right thing in helping him i had help come and we tried to keep him calm and relaxed but he started turning blue.....is this normal we kept cold cloths on him and kept talking to him and he finally came around, i was wondering if this was a granmal seizure
output: Hi, Thanks for using the Chat Doctor.First I like to congratulate you for giving first aid and taking him away from risks. Grand mal involves whole body. Associated with aura before seizure and then little depression after seizure. Keeping him calm, relaxed, Loosening his tight Chat Doctor.  Cold water won't help him much. Turning bluish is due to vascular phenomenon due to reduced blood supply to body (periphery) during seizure. Usually he'll recover from it. Hope I have answered your query. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help. Thanks get well soon....

input: hi, recently i had a blood vomit . in consultation with a doctor i under went a abdominal ultra sonoraphy. the following are the results. -fatty liver -enlarged spleen : 125 mm i have been prescribed the following medicines. silimarin 140mg pantodec dsr beplex forte digecaine syrup after following the prescription for a day, i now have mild fever and stomach ache with irregular bowel movement . can you please suggest a way out.
output: Hi, Vomiting blood is not normal. It could be due to ulcer disease or due to varices secondary to liver disease. Since the ultrasound scan shows enlarged spleen, bleeding due to varices is more likely. An upper GI endoscopy should be done to confirm the source of bleeding. If it is varietal bleeding, it can be controlled endoscopically. You may have to be on long term medications. If it is due to ulcer disease, then you have to be tested for H.pylori infection and treat it if found to be positive. I hope that answers your question. Regards.

input: Im a 69-year-old female with slightly elevated BP controlled with meds but otherwise in good health.  Recently Ive been experiencing very hard single hearbeats (sometimes almost painful) throughout the day.  No other symptoms, but theyre making me nervous.
output: Palpitation is what you are describing. The sensation of single beats is reassuring. In the office, I usually recommend nothing but reassurance. If symptoms don't resolve on their own, a long term monitor to try and catch the abnormal rhythm and tie it to the symptoms that you feel is useful. Once you know what it is and that it doesn't matter, that alone makes it bearable.

input: Ok doc, so i ejaculated when me and my girlfriend were messing around but this ejaculation was not in the vagina. I then went pee, awhile later we were messing around again and i had pre cum. I stuck it in about twice. Did my pee kill the sperm from a previous ejaculation and did my precum contain sperm from the previous ejaculation or was it flushed out?
output: Hi, Do not worry. Your pre-cum did not contain sperms, because urination would have flushed out your semen. Take precautions.like condone during next meeting with your girlfriend. Hope this helps. Regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: pcod overweight ,irregular period 9mm follicle on12thday.duphaston taken for 15 days no periods till now 17 days were pass. preg test were neg.is duphaston cure my pcod i want to conceive fast ? is any chance of preg still. any other medicine pls suggest me right what could i do? no periods?
output: Hi, duphaston contains Estrogen hormone and commonly used in infertility.It's used in long term basis and without proper specialist consultation don't change the course.thanks.

input: My Name is Krishna and I am working as a Computer Engineer in India since 2003. I have been working long hours with the computer all these years. For the past one year I have been experiencing pain in my neck, left back , below the left arm pit, and the left leg.I some times feel stabbing pain in the chest on the left side. Recently I had an MRI for Cervical Spine...These are the findings of MRI.... Findings: Mild Cervical Spine Scoliosis seen with concavity to left. Cervical lordosis is obliterated - Suggesting muscle spasm. The Cervical vertebrae show normal alignment and marrow signal intensity pattern. Mildline AP canal diameters measures as follows: C2 18 mm C2/C3 12 mm C3 13 mm C3/C4 12 mm C4 12 mm C4/C5 12 mm C5 13 mm C5/C6 12 mm C6 14 mm C6/C7 12 mm C7 14 mm C4/C5 and C5/C6 Small anterior osteophytes seen. Impression : MILD CERVICAL SPINE SCOLIOSIS WITH CONCAVITY TO LEFT CERVICAL LORDOSIS OBLITERATION - SUGGESTING MUSCLE SPASM C4/C5 TO C5/C6 SMALL ANTERIOR OSTEOPHYTES C4/C5 TO C5/C6 DISCS SMALL POSTERO CENTRAL AND LEFT PARA CENTRAL BROAD NUCLEUS PULPOSUS PROTRUSIONS MILDLY COMPRESSING THECAL SAC AND MILDLY INDENTING LEFT EXITING NERVE ROOTS... I ve consulted a Ortho surgeon, He told me that nothing to worry too much and he has advised me to take some medicines.But my worry is that the pain is so much and it has been aggravating every day. Please let me know the remedies ? Is it curable or not ? and how serious is this in future ? What are the medications that I should take? I would be grateful if you could advise me about the treatmen
output: Hi I have gone through your description and your MRI report. In my opinion, as you are suffering from PIED C4-5, C5-6 (L) sided, all your symptoms are explained except leg symptoms. In my practice I would advise painkillers muscle relaxants, physiotherapy and Isometric Neck Exercises for 10-15 days following which I will go only for Exercises and postural adjustments as long term solution.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here.my daughter regularly uses asthalin respules bcoz of cold and cough and 2 years before heart surgery was done so i wanna know that there is any side effect of regularly using respules
output: Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. Common side effects of Stalin (Albuterol) are increased heart rate, sometimes irregular heart rate, feeling of heart beats (palpitation), tremors especially in hands, "shaky feeling" in the body, reduced blood potassium levels (leading to fatigue and muscle cramps), irritation or Chat Doctor. As she has had a heart surgery, personally I would prefer levosalbutamol over albuterol for her. Levosalbutamol has almost similar actions as albuterol (Stalin) but less heart-related side effects such as rapid/irregular heart beats. Please discuss this matter with her treating doctor. Hope above answer will be helpful to your daughter. Wish her the best of the health. Thank you & Regards.

input: hi my 17yr old son has a lump that is very hot on his left side and is pale and feeling weak with constant  pain and has also had trouble breathing and has had to use his ventolin inhaler a few times in the past 2 days (hes an asthmatic) and  approx 6 wks ago he was taken to emergency by ambulance and diagnosed with appendicitis but discharged himself when the pain reduced do u think it is the same condtion/?
output: Hi. Thank you for your query. Read and understood you sons problems. Appendicitis is usually on the right side of the abdomen not on the left. The hot thing on the left side can be a subcutaneous abscess developed secondary to the appendicular lump or abscess. Pale can be due to septicemia. As he is known asthmatic, you have to take more care and may be give him additional medicines and inhalers to get a proper control over the asthma. The appendicular lump is usually treated conservatively for 6 weeks so that it has to be operated when this becomes resolved. Remember that getting operated on the given date is very important.

input: My one month old son has a lot of yellowlish smelly fluid behind his ear. I called the doctor and they told me it was cradle cap. But the yellowlish fluid has increased and the back of his neck is red and swollen. He has so much fluid that it stains his shirts and blankets.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Yellow fluid behind ear is something not normally seen in a one MTV old especially to an extent you mentioned. It's extremely difficult to comment on without having a look. However, the things that I can think of is pus secondary to some infection behind ear. I would suggest you consult a pediatrician for a proper opinion. Hope your child gets well soon. Take care.

input: Hi.. Im 21 years old. Ive been having so much pain for 7 days now on the top of my butt crack to the right side of my right butt cheek. It feels like its nub all the time but yet theres a throbbing pain. It hurts when i walk, lay, and sit. Theres so much pain all the time. I noticed that particular area is swollen, red, and hot. I have yet to go to the doctor for im scared of what it could be. Please help
output: You could be having coccidynia. Do Site bath in warm water and salt. Take painkillers. Sit on Donut cushions. Avoid constipation by eating diet Rick in fresh fruits and green leafy vegetables.  Chat Doctor.  Apply ice.

input: Ive tried ashwaganda brahmi combo and the first week I felt so much better,had more energy ...etc,then when I got my period had very intense anxiety simptoms.Do you think this might be do to those supplements.I started those to help with stress!Thank you
output: Dear User, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Generally Ashwaganda and Brahma are used for anxiety symptoms and there is no evidence that these itself can cause anxiety symptoms. Thanks

input: I have been taking Gleevec 400 mg daily for control of GIST . My last ct scan showed no evidence of disease. In the last few weeks my fluid load has become more problematic. I have puffy edema everywhere I had a 10 pound weight gain in 3 days and was directed by my primary doctor to double my 40 mg Lasix to 80 mg whenever this occurs. My tissues are like sponges that depress and stay that way. I am concerned about the effects this much fluid may have on my heart.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor! I appreciate your concern for the generalized puffy edema. Accumulation of fluid due to salt and water retention is an important adverse effect of Sleeve chemotherapeutic Chat Doctor.  This side effect is commonly seen during the long treatment with Sleeve, it may be associated with high BP and sometimes the fluid gets collected in the lungs causing difficulty in breathing, etc. Now since the scan is not showing the evidence of the GIST you may please consult your doctor whether to continue with Sleeve for how many weeks or months. Lasix definitely helps in clearing the edema fluid, but it also has some side effects on its long run. Take care of your health.

input: Hi, I am a 44 year old male. I had an MI 3months ago and now have 2 stents. My echo-cardiograph result  came back as good (?) I am following rehab teams lifestyle advice but I have not seen a consultant yet. I was wondering what my average life expectancy would be. Thank you for answering this question
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, if the cardiac disease taken the best care and treated properly then patient can live normally without any cardiac event, so it is nothing to worry it is advisable to see the doctor on regular basis hope this information helps.

input: My wife is suffering from lower abdomen with back pain last 4 months. She has been seizure 18 months ago. I have consulted his Gynecological doctor. He advise for USG and some Blood test. The result of USG and blood test is ok. After seeing the report he advise Gynazole 200 (at night 1 cap), i-flag( daily 1 cap), Normaton. But there is no improvement and again consult him after 2 months and he advise Gynazole 200(at night) and Tryptomer 25(at noon and at night) and normatone(2 tea spoon at noon and at night). Is these medicine right for my wife? what is the cause of pain ?
output: HI. Thanks for your query. Read the history and understood your wives problem. The reason of lower abdominal pain with back pain for 4 months can be the following :Pelvic inflammatory disease - Endometriosis. Diseases of the ovaries and / tubesEnteritisColitisMyometritis. As the Caesarion section was 18 months ago, this may not be related to the present problems. The medicines given by Her Gynecologists are based on the reports, which you say OK. Gynecologist must have done an internal examination and thought of PID or Endometriosis as a major cause hence gave the medicines. Also, must have thought about anxiety or stress hence added few more medicines like trypromer and so. I think these are good medicines but if they are not helping, we have to think about other causes. In such a case I would advise the following:CT scan of the abdomenDiagnostic Laparoscopy has a major role to play and this is a common practice now. It allows the direct visualization of the whole abdomen, its contests, particularly, uterus, tubes and ovaries in this case. Hence, the diagnosis m biopsy and treatment can be undertaken in many patient. Please discuss this with your Gynecologist or take a second opinion of a General Surgeon practicing Laparoscopic surgeries, Or a Castro Surgeon.

input: My husband has a soft lump on shin area. It is the size of a half dollar and soft to the touch. The center of it seems to have a greyish color to it.....possible a bruise? But he said he doesn t remember hitting his leg on anything. And just to the right of it, he said it is itchy.....it could be just a coincidence. Any ideas???
output: Hi, Dear , thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in-depth. In my opinion -this lump on the shin may be Erythema Nodosum-due to sulfa reaction-?acidosis?Crohn's disease?some EN may be itchy.? Or it could be-a -spider bite?bed-bug bite? Consult your ER doctor who would take care of it. Hope This would resolve your query. Well come again for any more query.

input: I have almost continually pain across my chest above my breast, it started a few weeks ago in my left shoulder blade and I though I had pulled a muscle but it hasn t gone away. I had a new great grandson had to keep him for a couple of days while his mom was in the hospital when he was only a week or two old, so I thought that the muscle may have gotten strained and caused the problem. should I be concerned
output: Hello, Thank you for using Chat Doctor. I read your question and understood your concern. I think you should rule out a heart attack by doing an EEC and blood test evaluation. Once the heart is Ok then do not worry about the muscle problem is it will go way with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. I wish you quick recovery.

input: My 20 yr old daughter suddenly developed a bruise on both her stomach and back over her right kidney with tenderness and a throbbing sensation in the right kidney. She also had chills and nausea along with body aches and a general feeling of malaise. Her nephrologist recommended she go to ER. A CT scan of the kidney looked normal - no stones or abnormalities. Her blood work was normal - platelets were ok. The urine test showed high blood and protein levels. She has been having kidney pain for over a year but has not had a kidney stone since Feb 2011. She also has intermittent ankle swelling and experiences tingling in her hands with weird discoloration in her hands. Along with this kidney issue, she also has had what was diagnosed as facial cellulitis around her left eye 3 times in the last 18 months with the last event requiring hospitalization.
output: Your reports are suggestive of some immune disorder. Your daughter may be having SHE or IGA nephropathy. You require these test ANA, Anti DSNA,C3 C4,24 hr urine protein, serum Cryoglobulins, hbsag, anti HCV, HIV.don't worry we should find out etiology, we will get answer. You do this test and let me know results

input: I am in a great deal of pain, nerve pain in my neck arms back and hands. I take cocodamol 30/500 (2) but its not helping tonight. Can I take more I m desperate. Going to call doc in morning as I also take 40 mg of amitrptiline but I can t sleep and I m in agony, its too much tonight.
output: Hello, The nerve pain in arms back and neck can be due to spondylitic changes in the cervical spine that needs an MRI scan for proper diagnosis. A neurologist is a person to be contacted.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Diagnosed with MS 1 1/2 years ago, no symptoms except numbness in lower legs, knees stiff, no pain. when I take a hot shower it gets really worse. Play golf twice a week and shoot in low 80 s. Been told I have a virus in spine (lesion on MRI). Have had shingles years ago. Had a couple lesions on brain and took magnesium and after 8 months they were gone. HOW CAN I KILL THIS VIRUS IN SPINE?
output: Hi, Get your blood sugar, thyroid profile and vitamin B12 checked as these are the most common causes of numbness without any pain. Also, get your knee X-rays done. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi I am 56 years old woman . I had my mammography recently. In mammography there was a partly well defines density seen in right retro areolar region measuring 23*10 mm with speck of calcification within , M3 . There was no significant axillary lymphadenopathy - BIRAD -3. Ultrasound correlation was suggested. In Ultrasound, in the area of mammographic abnormality at supra areolar edge there is 15*8 mm lobulated low echogenic lesion seen posteriorly in retro glandular tissue (U3 ) . No other focal abnormality is seen in the right breast. BIRAD3 Pls advise whether the lesion can be malignant
output: His would advise you to do a biopsy test to rule out malignancy. Chances of it being malignant is only 30%. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: I have severe pain in my lower back, right side, and right buttock that radiates down my leg all the way to my foot. I am often unable to walk without limping. Also both hips hurt and are tender to the touch on the outside of my buttock (bursitis?). I have severe all over pain and stiffness every morning and after sitting for any length of time (ex. eating lunch) and struggle with painful knees, ankles, wrists, hands and feet. All of my blood work, every test you can imagine, has been normal. I have normal e-rays of hips and a normal MRI of my lumbar spine. I take Lyrica and Cymbalta, but still experience extreme pain. NSAIDS do not help. Suggestions?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You are suffering from chronic backache. This may be related to muscles and bone weakness. There may be deficiency of vitamins and trace elements. You can take supplements of vitamins and trace elements. Back exercises are helpful in muscle strengthening. Analgesic such as ibuprofen is helpful in pain relief. If not relieved by it, you can take strong analgesic such as tramadol. You can get vitamin D and vitaminB12 levels and if found low you can take its supplements (vitaminD3 and mecobalamin). You can continue with Lyrics and Cymbal ta, You can discuss with your treating Doctor about it. Hope I have answered your query. If you have any further questions then don't hesitate to writing to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: hai iam 40yrs old lady having thyroid and bp and for the past 20 days my bp was shooting and i had med yesterday only and today though it has reduced i have more palpatation and my pulse rate is very high as 110 and i also have lungs problem for which i take medicines in need help me out for how to continue medication and what is the normal pulse rate
output: Hello, You need to see a doctor to take medications. , Monitor sometimes a day your blood pressure and heart rate, some blood test and thyroid hormones (TSH, Ft4) and let the doctor see them.  Since you have pulmonary problems too and thyroid problems, for which I don't know what medications are you taking for, a doctor should recommend the right treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Good evening. My dad is 67 years old and had a full knee replacement 7 weeks ago. Hw saw the surgeon after 6 weeks and was told he was doing better than most after 6 weeks, however he forgot to ask about the major night sweats he is having. Is this normal?
output: Hello, As your father is doing well after the TKR I will advise for the knee replacement rehabilitation program for best outcome score. Regarding the sweating in the nights, this will be due to other factors like the healing process, past medical history of diabetes or Hypertension.  Please see that the sugar levels are fair, and blood pressure is not too rise or Chat Doctor.  This is some of the possibilities which happen in aging. It can be controlled by medication post examination. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In

input: What are symptoms for kidney stones/colic?  My husband is having pain + severe cramps and in his urine is blood.  It lasts now for 4 hours. I thought it is urinary infection but I dont know what symptoms for kidney problems are? We are camping and I dont know if I should take him to the hospital?my e-mail address:   YYYY@YYYY
output: Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor Stones can occur in any aspect of the urinary tract-the urethra, bladder, ureter and kidney. In general, they are associated with severe pain, which is usually cramping or intermittent in nature, in some cases the pain may radiate from the loin (the lower back) to the groin. Urinary infections would be associated with burning on urination, frequency, possible change in the color and odor of the urine, abdominal pain. If the pain is severe, it would be best to take him to be assessed. An ultrasound may be suggested. If it is a stone, the treatment may depend on the size and the presence of any complications. Small stones may pass on their own. I hope this helps

input: hi, i am 25 yrs old male, i had pain just above my belly button for almost a week. when ever i eat or walked down the stairs or tried to sleep on my stomach.. i could feel the pain. just yesterday in the morning when i woke up with discarge (red/white colour) fluid. and the pain is gone now.. but would still like to know what it was and what caused it.. Pratick Patel
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor White discharge per Vagina, with pain abdomen, is suggestive of PID... you need to get clinically evaluated,. USG abdomen and pelvis, vaginal smear, are necessary to find out the cause for infection... consult a gynecologist... Hope I have answered your question Take care

input: I have hoshimoto disease, I am currently taking loithyronine, 15 mcg/ day.my hair loss is worse and it is really dry and straw like since starting the medication. I also started taking metformin and .6 victoza at the same time, but my hair is much worse now. What do I do now?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Apply coconut oil. Take vitamin B rich diet. Take proteins and fruits more with juices. Wash hair with herbal shampoo. Avoid outing in too much sunlight. Avoid stress in life. Take proper rest daily. Apply a spray of a mixture of vinegar, orange juice and milk to the hair. You can also use eggs. Hope these all will help you a lot. Thanks for writing us. Take care....

input: I am writing concerning my 6 year old daughter. She has battled an infection around the vaginal area and what looks like ulcers. She has been checked for every type of STD and bacterial infection and has seen 3 Doctors and 1 Dermatologist. Their diagnosis was Erysipelas and the treatment was a strong antibiotic. Today, she was seen by a 4th Pediatrician and he tested her for bacteria that may be the cause of a fissure. He also said she has a yeast infection around the vaginal and anal area. He prescribed Diflucan 100 MG (2 tablets). She will see him again next week when the test results come back. Is this common for a 6 year old and should I start her on a stool softener in the mean time?
output: Hi, It seems that she might be having yeast infection with super added bacterial infection producing all these symptoms. Continue with all these medicines till full course. Important is to keep her local hygiene clean, Chat Doctor. After proper cleaning apply antibiotic or triple action cream. Wear cotton short and avoid more perspiration on local part. Give her proper instruction and training about keeping personal hygiene clean and healthy. Rule out worm infestation which again cause infection and irritation. Ok and take care.

input: i have recently had a pain in my left side, about the same height as my belly button. i ve had it about 2 weeks ago, and something like it a year ago which was extremely painful. I am 16, the pain is not extremely bad but is a moderate pain. I have rested and had a poo but the pain hasn t completely gone, i am worried about what it is.
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. F.  You have got pain on the left side of the stomach at the level of belly button. It is not very bad but continuous. You had same pained 2 weeks ago and one year ago.  It appears to be due to renal colic possibly due to urinary tract infection or kidney stones, which repeats periodically.  I advise you to consult a urologist for diagnosis and treatment. You may have to take U.S. scaling besides other routine tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick recovery.  Best regards.

input: hi i have a bump on my back that gradually started to grow its red, hot to touch and very painful. i had my son squeeze it and nothing. my skin felt real tight like i needed pressure to be releaved d o he pocked at it with a needle. next day it oozed green pus. it looks like the pus is sitting in the middle of bump and still is painful but not as in the beginning
output: It is nothing but an infected sebaceous cyst that needs to be removed surgically after controlling infection!beforehand, FNAC test or microscopic examination of the pus is recommended for confirmation of the disease!

input: Hi,Im 25 yrs female, suffering from wheezing. I used to have wheezing at the age of 13. Later was on medication [Asthalin Rotacap SOS] deliphylin [normal] twice a day. For the past few years ive not had wheezing. Now ive moved to a new city and given the colder climate & too much of dust, im catching up wheezing very frequently for the past couple of months. Due to this ive started using Asthalin [SOS]. Im worried about the side effects and also getting adicted to it. Can you npls suggest me a better medication which will forever keep me away from wheezing trouble. Thanks,Archana
output: Hi, Stalin is to reduce symptoms and for treatment. For preventing symptoms to occur you should take inhalation steroids with or without long acting beta agonists. Regards

input: I AM 74 YEARS OLD. I TESTED POSITIVE ON MMY TINE TEST WHEN I WAS 12 YEARSOL, PRE-BASKETBALL, AND AGE 22 YEARS OLD AT MILITARY PRE-ENLISTMENT PHYSICAL. I REACTED POORLY TO INH THERAPY (MY LIVER PANEL WENT FROM 23 TO 211. I AM NOW ON RIFAMPIN. WHAT SHOULD BE MY TO FIVE CONCERNS?
output: For treatment of tuberculosis start anti-tuberculous medicines which are sensitive as early as possible after expert advice. You have to take some multivitamins like metilda-forte or meganeuron-plus once daily preferably in afternoon along with some protein supplement like protein powder with milk to improve your immune power. Don't worry much just take your medicines regularly and properly as suggested by your doctor.

input: i,m a pcod patient. for last 20 years im having medicines such as  ---duoluton(L) & gluformin 500mg daily at night after dinner. now a benigntumour has grown as big as 57mmx57mm in liver section v & it is half on the liver and half hanging outside the liver towards the gallbladder. what should  i eat and what am i to do? should it be operated or regular usg to be done, in the hope that tumour may regress in time?
output: Hi, How are you? I am so sorry to hear about your diagnosis. Benign tumors of the liver are uncommon in general population but are fairly common in patients who take any form of pills with a high estrogen content (oral contraceptive pills, hormonal therapy, anabolic steroids, etc.). Hepatic Adenoid is one such tumor which occurs very often in these set of patients. Going by your history, I would strongly suspect that you have developed an Adenoid in your liver. Although these things remain asymptomatic for a long time, they can cause pain due to increase in size. A more Chat Doctor.  In addition to this, there is also a risk of the tumor becoming cancerous. Follicular nodular hyperplasia of the liver is another possibility, but the current imaging techniques should be able to differentiate the two. The first thing to do after a Hepatic adenoid is diagnosed, is to stop all forms of hormonal therapy. This usually causes a 

input: I m 18 yrs old guy,my weight is 51 kg and height 5, 5 inch.I am not taking any medicine till now. i ve a problem related to heart that is happening to me from 3 months that my heartbeats are very loud but it is not painful that i can here bymyself from which i can t concentrate in my studies .I also go to the hospital and there they put on my left side a device which is caled a ecg ,which should be put for 24 hrs and report are also normal but still i feel same condition what should i do now?
output: Hi, I think this is psychological problems. You have increased awareness of your own heart beat rather than loud heart. You need to convince yourself that things are fine and try to ignore the problem. Listening to our heart is not indicative of any heart illness. So probably you should learn to ignore it.

input: Hi doctor, Pooja here... Actually i am gonna complete 2 yrs of my marriage in upcoming december but yet i didn t get pregnant after one year i consulted with doctor she suggested me go through follicle study and my report was okay after that i went through hsg en my report told me my both tubes were blocked so i had laparoscopy en luckily my both blockage are opened.. this month we tried to conceive but i got periods.. me en my husband keep losting all hopes to be a parents.. I went to my doctor en she prescribed me oosure m tablet.. Could i be get pregnant with this medicine?? Does it really helps in getting pregnant?
output: Hello, Thanks for letting us know your health concern. Sure M is useful in the correction of insulin resistance, folate deficiency and helps to regulate ovulation status. As your difficulty in conception seems to be associated with tubal patency, you may benefit more with ART procedures like IVF. This should be decided by your consultant. Hope this helps.

input: I was diagnosed by a psychologist for having ADHD around 8 years ago. I was put on Concerta for a while, but got off due to the expense and it wasn t working as well after a period of time. I am having Major problems with staying focused at work now. I never have any time off and am trying to get a script for Vyvance online. I would be more than happy to provide the Doctors name that diagnosed my.
output: Hello thanks for asking from ChatDoctorYou have been diagnosed with ADHD (attention deficit disorder) and were put on Concert. Concert is amphetamine Chat Doctor. 

input: hi,i am suffering for last four months from urticaria{i have allergic rashes all over my body especially over my face and head}first there is icthing then the part swells like a mosquito bite,i have done my allergic skin test which revealed that i am allergic to lot of things including food as wellas dust, i have taken 1 month course of allegra and levorid,and after that 2mnths of only levorid,can u please help me with further plan of action cos i still have symptoms if i eat those prohibited things like chicken,coriender
output: Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history. I would like to know your age, sex, any other diseases you have, any other medications you are taking, any other allergic disorders you have, etc. Furthermore, I would also like to know detailed description of your urticaria symptoms. However, from your history, I would like to suggest you as follows:1. Most important thing - allergy testing is not 100% to identify the cause, especially in cases of long-term urticaria like yours. So although you have been tested positive for a few food substances, personally I would suggest you to observe your food and correlate with urticaria. If urticaria does not appear within 2-3 hours of taking a food item, even if it is tested positive, you may start eating it gradually. You may not be really allergic to that particular food item.2. I would like to know whether you take any other medicines regularly. Particularly analgesics like ibuprofen, diclofenac, etc. can cause urticaria. In that case, please contact your physician who will suggest you alternative Chat Doctor. 3. Were I treating you, I would suggest you a short course of antiparasitic treatment with nitazoxanide or albendazole. Many times, intestinal parasites also can cause chronic urticaria.4. Personally I would suggest you investigations like complete blood count, ESR, CRP, Thyroid function tests, Urine and stool routine & microscopic examination. These may give clue to cause of your urticaria symptoms.5. For treatment, till the cause is found, I would suggest you to continue taking an antihistamine like HY

input: My toddler is starting on her third day of clay paste colored diarrhea, 4-5 times a day, sore bottom, does not seem exceptionally irritable, no fever, no abdominal tenderness. It started the second morning we were visiting a waterpark....she is drinking well, but appetite is definately on the low side.....should i be concerned since she is drinking well and no other s/s....the color concerns me too. After 3 days she is the only one in the family with this.
output: Get the liver function test done along with bile salts and bile pigments in stool and urine tests. Urine for urobilinogen. Get one ultrasound whole abdomen to rule out the hepatomegaly/ Bud Chiara syn Chat Doctor. 

input: My daughter has woken with a throbbing pain in her right shoulder and right abdomen/ side. Worse when she lies down. Has tried heat pad, stretching - different positions, nothing helps. Saya it feels like a cork or someone has punched her in the arm . Still has full range of movement. Period is due today. Pain feels worse when she lies or sits. Not sure what to suggest!!
output: Hello, pain in the right shoulder associated with abdominal pain could be due to a biliary pathology and needs to be evaluated. Get her investigated by your general surgeon thoroughly and proceed. All the best

input: Hello, I was wondering I am on Accutane and I wanted to Know if I would be able to take Oxylite Pro? Does this affect your liver?
output: Dear jessicawelcome to Chat Doctor Please Consult with your health care provider before using this product, and especially if you are taking any prescription, over the counter medication, dietary supplement product or if you have any pre-existing medical condition including but not limited to: like high or low blood pressure, cardiac arrhythmia, stroke, heart, liver, kidney or thyroid disease..." Thanks

input: I had a cortisone injection in my shoulder on Thursday, I am experiencing severe pains on my lower back , from back of neck & lower, I break out of sweat every now and then. Have seen my GP on Sunday, GP has given antibiotics as I have got the flu too. I also have massive head aches.
output: Hello, Thanks for your query. The problem you are experiencing is called Cortisone flare, which is a brief increase of pain for 1 to 3 days. It occurs when the cortisone crystallizes after injection. Rest, ice, and over-the-counter pain medicines, such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen, can provide relief. Look for signs of infection Luke redness at injection site, fever, chills etc. if you have any consult your disc otherwise the pain will soon alleviate. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: About 2 weeks ago, I got hit by a softball in the ankle. I noticed a swelling on the inside of my ankle a couple of days ago and my medical trainer said he was going to break it up by rubbing upwards on my leg. I was doing this tonight and I felt some of it sort of poo and a weird watery sound. Suggestions?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You are likely having sprain ankle. You are likely to get benefitted by rest and analgesic such as ibuprofen for pain relief. Vitamin B and C is helpful in recovery. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: I fell down the steps about a month ago. I noticed pain off and on but never got it checked. Here lately, the pain is back but more frequent. Today there is now a burning sensation and pain running from what feels like my neck to wrist. I also feel pain when trying to lay on my side. What could possibly be wrong?
output: Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have burning sensation and pain in the neck and wrist. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like radiculopathy, cervical spondylosis, herniated disk, mononeuropathy, peripheral neuropathy , neuralgia, multiple sclerosis or hyperparathyroidism. I would suggest you to apply warm compresses to neck and wrist, take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for pain and take proper rest. If condition doesn't get better than consult orthopedic surgeon for proper examination. Doctor may order CT scan, MRI along with nerve conduction. Doctor may order anti-inflammatory along with muscle relaxant and nerve supplement. Doctor may recommend surgery in severe damage. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,

input: Hi doctor,My FNAC report of Left superaclavicular lymph node done, findings areSmears are moderately cellular & show multiple well formed epithelioid cell granulomes,multinucleate giant cells & scattered histiocytes against a reactive background. No evidence of casesous necrosis seen. ZN stain for AFB is negative.Impression: Granulomatous lymphadenitis1.Is this a cancer or TB2. Is this a normal diease ,can be cured with normal medicines.3. anything to worry about.
output: Dear Sir/ Ma'am, Sorry to hear about your problem. From your report it looks like you are suffering from tuberculosis. Sometimes gaseous necrosis can be missing (characteristic of TB) and ZN staining can also be negative. You can get a PCR done for TB and this would give us more information. The report is certainly not suggestive of cancer. It is turns out to be TB, it can be treated with medicines and would not require surgery. Hoping for the best.

input: I had maxofacial surgery 24 years ago that left me with a numb chin and lower lip.  the surgeon said this happens and there is nothing they can do back then.  Now in the past year I am having chin twitches and it is very annoying and embarrassing.  what can I do and could something else be wrong?
output: Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms seem to be related to a pinched nerve (nerve compression), probably from the adherence during surgery in this region. I recommend consulting with a neurologist for a careful physical exam. A nerve conduction study is necessary to confirm the diagnosis. Surgery may be needed. In the meantime, I recommend taking clonazepam for symptomatic relief. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards, 

input: I have type 2 diabetes, scoliosis, stage four liver damage and a leg that I broke in october of 2016 that has still not healed. I take a variety of pills. Oh and I also have degenerative disc disease and arthritis. I get dizzy sometimes and fall. Or I will fall asleep standing up with my walker and fall. HELP!!!
output: Hello, All the condition needs careful medical attention particularly for diabetic, and it has to be controlled with tight rule basis, if it is not being controlled well, then hyperglycemia may intense the symptoms of other pathologies that you have particularly, liver damaged, and degenerative disc disease. Now for other condition like liver damaged, it has to be cured according to means the underlying cause of damage is a matter of concern, even it is the same for disc degenerative disease, once this two disease if taken proper care other symptoms that you are having will come around soon. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I currently have itchy palms, gums basically itch all over to include my lungs. I do not have any types of hives. I also have been feeling run down and body aches for the last several weeks. I had blood work done and they said my encinophils were elevated at 500.
output: Hi, The possible causes of eosinophilic could be due to allergy, parasitic infection or autoimmune, it can be rarely due to malignancy, but your case is look like parasitic infection. You first go for routine blood, urine and stool examination, then consult physician or dermatologist for further co relation with clinical symptoms. See, the main thing is to diagnose first rather than taking symptomatic treatment.Maybe you will require antihelminthic Chat Doctor. Thanks and don't worry you will be alright.

input: Hi, my gf and i were fooling around and i ejeculated, there was some sperm on my hand, around 5 minutes after that we started fooling around again and without thinking i i introduced my hand in her vagina, I think she was in a really fertile moment since it happened 13 days after her menstruation, how possible is it that she may be pregnant?
output: HelloThanks for writing to us with your health concern. Generally, fingering cannot result in a pregnancy. Also, pre ejaculatory fluid can lead to pregnancy at times, however you have not mentioned if any penetrative vaginal sex occurred. Sperm cannot survive outside in the hostile environment for 5 minutes, according to me, the chances of a pregnancy resulting from the encounter described are next to nil. If there was no vaginal penetration, then pregnancy cannot occur. However, if you are very concerned, you can still ask her to take ECP (emergency contraceptive pill) as a precautionary measure. When taken within 120 hours of unprotected sex, it is more than 80 % effective in guarding against a pregnancy. The expected period can be advanced or postponed for almost a week, after taking the Echo there is no way to predict the next date of her period. To be on the safer side, if you think there was some chance of a pregnancy please take a pregnancy test 4 weeks after the episode occurred. All the betake care.

input: My father is 74. He has been having episodes where he doesnt know what day it is or if he has eaten or showered that day. He was recently diagnosed with Parkinson s disease with a chance of dementia. They did an MRI on Monday. It says Minimal Involutional Changes Appear Chronic. He is also very moody and saying hateful and hurtful things. He has always been difficult to deal with but he is getting really bad. My first thought was Alzheimer s. Any suggestions?
output: Hi, Regarding your concern, I would explain that his symptoms seem to be related to depression. From the other hand cognitive changes are common complications during Parkinson disease. They are related to the degradation of the brain cells, related to the disease itself. Besides, mood changes can also be related to Parkinson therapy. Anyway, I would recommend consulting with his neurologist and performing some cognitive tests in order to determine properly his cognitive problems. A psychiatric evaluation is also necessary to exclude possible depression, which can interfere with his memory and attention. There are different treatment options which can help improve his mood changes and his memory. Hope to have been helpful. Let me know if I can assist you further. Kind regards, 

input: Hey my daughter is seven and has been running a fever for2 days. I have been rotating tylenol and motrin every 4 to 6 hours but her temps are really high.105.8 was her last temp taking on her forehead and 107.0 under her arm. I use a digital temporal thermometer would that be accurate and should I take her to the ER?
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Fever of few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness. Usually rather than fever, what is more important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day. If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all. Once viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about duration if the kid is active. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (maximum ceiling dose of 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health. Regards - 

input: Why does my lower abdomen and anus hurt when I sit, walk, cough, or sneeze? I m not constipated I eat a very good diet. I m not overweight and I don t have any medical issues besides asthma. even though I do go to the bathroom on the regular it hurts to push at all, its not like I have to push but you know just the regular going to take a bowl movement hurts. Also, I don t have hemroids.
output: Here you might have problems with kidney(kidney stone) or hemorrhoid since you yourself are comfortable for passing urine and little problem while passing stools I suggest do not diagnosed on your own and take specialist opinion. If there is no problem as per doctor then you can use hot pack at your painful area to have relaxing effect on soft tissues. Here some more details are missing from your end1. Since when you have this problem?2. How many times a day you need to go for bowel and bladder movement.? That is for urinate or for passing stool.3. Do you have any burning sensation while passing urine?4. Does your pain go down after passing urine or passing stool? Based on this as well with physical examination only a doctor can evaluate your problem So I suggest get it evaluated properly and go for treatment as per that. Take care.

input: Hi, I am 35 year old woman and recently gone through menstural blood pcr test and mycobacterial have been detected. My doctor said, I will not get pregnant because of this situation and suggested some medication for 3 months. and also said if I wont conceive in these 3 months, she needs to do some tube test. I am really scared that I will never get pregnant. I desperately want a baby. Can you share your thoughts on the above? Thanks
output: Hello premenstrual blood PCR positive for mycobacterium suggests endometrial tuberculosis. In the woman, it causes tuberculous enteritis (infection of the uterus) and salpingitis (infection of the tubes). This infection can often be silent, and may not cause any symptoms or signs. Once the histologic diagnosis of TB endometriosis has been made(like in your case), then treatment with antitubercular medicine must be started to prevent further progression of the disease. However, usually with TB endometriosis, infection of the fallopian tubes also occurs, and the damage caused to the tubes (TB salpingitis) is irreversible. Infection of tubes might result in irreversible tubal infertility, and the only treatment option available then to conceive would be IVF. In the past some doctors would try to do surgery to repair the tubes, but this is futile surgery, because the tubes never work properly once they have been infected. Tubes which have been severely damaged may form a HY Chat Doctor. Although antitubercular chemotherapy is the mainstay of treatment, surgery may be indicated where medical therapy has failed to resolve symptoms and in presence of a persistent pelvic mass. So I suggest for now you continue with your antitubercular 

input: Hello Doctor, I have had several minor accidents over the last few years and usually have hit my head or hurt my neck/back during them. I have terrible headaches almost daily, I am having a lot of difficulty completing sentences and remembering what I was going to say and it seems to be getting worse. My Doctor put me on an anti-depressant and that helped a little but not for long. Is there a test that I should be looking at doing?
output: Hello, Your symptoms could be related to repeated head trauma. Coming to this point, I would recommend performing some cognitive tests and a brain MRI. Other tests to consider would be: complete blood count, thyroid hormone levels, blood electrolytes, vitamin D and vitamin E plasma levels, and vitamin B12 plasma levels. You should discuss with your doctor on these tests. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: I am from chennai. my 5 yrs old son was bitten by my neighbours puppy. it is not a hybrid dog. he had a thin scratch at one side and a small dot like teeth impression on the other side both an inch apart. There was little blood on both these spots.My wife was not sure if it was due to dogs teeth or nail or because my son fell down. We took him to a local linic and gave TT and some antobiotic And the rgular vaine whih was poending ofr the 5th year after birth.  I Dont thnk the dotor gave him dog bite related medicine. I am very worried about this. should i get him anti -rabies vaine now?Please advice. Regards Selvaraj
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I reviewed your history. Dog bite needs antirabies vaccine to be given.Hence, I advise to take him for antirabies vaccine. Hope this is helpful to you. Thank you

input: My mom is 59 and had a hysterectomy after determining that she had cancerous cells. She had begun a liquid diet and partly solid diet and was doing well (all while in patient). She started solid food in the morning and appeared to tolerate it well. that afternoon she was given potassium supplements and since then she s vomited, unable to tolerate any food, has limited intestinal sounds and we ve been told that her intestine is not awake. What can our next step be to help her recuperate?
output: Hi, It is not clear from your question what sort of cancer she is suffering from. Hysterectomy may be done for both uterine cancer and cervix cancer (total hysterectomy with bilateral ovary and tube removal). The problem you have mentioned probably is a post-operative complication. During operation gut handling may be the cause. As you have not mentioned on what post-operative day the problem started detail explanation is a bit difficult but regular electrolyte monitoring preferably at 24 hr interval and conservative management is the best option. It will be definitely corrected. After the surgical management is over you may need adjuvant treatment depending on disease pathology so keep in touch with your gynecologist and oncologist.  Take care.

input: Every once in awhile my 3 year old daughter throws up at night for a few nights in a row. It happens a half hour to hour after going to bed. While she usually has a cough/ runny nose when these vomiting episodes occur, she isn t coughing when she starts throwing up. She never throws up more than once.
output: Hi.... if your child height and weight or normal then you need not worry about this vomiting episodes. If vomiting has been pathological or really disturbing her general constitution then her weight will be the first thing to go down when compared to peers. But if her weight is low, then she will require evaluation. Regards - 

input: The right side of my face is swollen, Went to the doctor office yesterday and he said something about salivary glands The antibiotics are not working, and the pain is unbearable. What can I do, and where do I go to see about this problem? What can I take for this pain.
output: Hello thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor.it could be sialadenitis, if salivary gland is involved,it could be also be due to infected teeth, kindly check for those with a dentist,u have to get a sensitivity test, if not go higher antibiotics and analgesics with the prescription of your treating physician.get an Iowa radiograph done for the involved area with a dentist, do salt water gargle thrice daily,hope it helps,TC

input: Hi, I am 40 year old female and have been experiencing alot of pain on the right middle portion from the top of my thigh just at the crease of my gluteous max. I sit for a short period of time and can not apply any pressure to that area and the same when I lay down, I can not lie on the right side at all and when I turn to lay on my stomach alot of throbbing pain is under my gluteous at the crease very painful . This has been going on when I had a problem with my sciatic nerve on both sides but the right side still hasn t ceased in this localized area. I try to soak in warm water and massaged and it still does not bring relief. Any ideas. TY
output: Hello, Your symptoms seem to be related to a pinched nerve. For his reason, I recommend performing a lumbar spine CT scan and nerve conduction studies. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: my husband is having heavy brick like feeling in his chest. we have been to er a lot and they say he is not having a heart attack. he has had two open heart surgery in the past and he has a paste maker and defr also. he can not walk very far with have this problem. I was told there is nothing they can do for him. he is only 6 years old.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about major heart related diseases because her ER visit was normal. Sometimes, stress and anxiety related HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) can cause heaviness in chest. So better to take him to psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in his life and start working on its solution. He may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Also give him pantoprazole tablet on empty stomach. Ask him to avoid stress and tension. Also avoid hot and spicy food. Don't worry, he will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your husband. Thanks.

input: Hi, my daughter ( 8 years old) has been on medication for partial seizure ( due to small space in brain due to insect ) for past 1 year. She is taking 750 mg of Levipil. How long normally it takes to be normal. She complains headache while in class normally.
output: Your child probably had neurocysticercosisSeizure Chat Doctor.  You can do 2 tests called EEG and MRI of brain, the medication can only be stopped if these two tests are normal.in case any of these are abnormal you will have to continue levipilAlso the dose of level should be changed according to the weight of the child. So follow up with your pediatrician every 3 months or so.

input: I already have AS and 4 degenerated disk in my back. I had a cluster of bumps show up on my arm about a month ago and the doctor said it was a Fungal infection. Here lately the last 3 weeks or so I have been very tired like falling a sleep during the day and feeling give out. My throat was hurting a couple of days now my neck is hurting so bad I can t move it. Are any of these symptoms worth going to my doctor? Had a low grade fever a couple of days.
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Yes you should visit to the nearby doctors. Fungal infections and feeling dizziness can be a symptom of the nervous system involvement of fungal infections. Fungal infections should be treated with the fluconazole. Completed treatment is necessary. Fungal infections are common in diabetics and in HIV positive persons. So in my advice you should also test this to condition in nearby laboratory. Please maintain good local hygiene where fungal infection occurred. This will help cure the infections at earliest. As you are feeling dizzy avoid the work which requires concentration. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: I recently was prescribed some medications for high BP. After a while, a few weeks, my cardiologist changed my meds due to continued high BP. After starting these drugs, I developed a rash indicative of a possible allergic reaction. I also experienced a rapid weight gain of almost 20 lbs, and swelling in my knees ,thighs and scotum. I reported this to my Doc and we set up an office visit. He took me off the drugs with the exception of Lasix and low dose aspirin. I ve since lost 10 lbs and the rash is improving but I still feel some swelling. I felt much better prior to starting the meds. I plan to see my Internist as soon as I can get in. I m 64 work out daily.
output: Hello, There are some medicine which may cause edema and weight gain. This will resolve in some days with lasix. Also, have fluid restriction like water, and water containing foods for some days. Avoid this medicine next time.  Also, You should have a healthy lifestyle like avoiding fatty, oily and high calorie diet. Have low salt diet and monitor blood pressure regularly thrice a day for one week then once or twice a week. Regular exercises like brisk walking, jogging according your capacity at least 30 min a day and 5 days a week. Lots of green leafy vegetables, fruits, fish once or twice a week, avoid meat. Avoid smoking and alcohol if any. There shouldn't abdominal fat deposition or obesity. Get your lipid profile and sugars tested once.

input: I have a small hard lump at the top of my bum crack it is really painful to sit on and to touch I have only had it several days but it is becoming unbearable. It doesnt resemble a blister, cyst or spot in anyway it is simply a hard lump. Can you help me?
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having ingrown hair follicle infection and now there might be forming abscess. Go for one antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medicine course for 3-5 days. Keep local hygiene proper. Ok and take care.

input: hello docor,actually my husband is suffering from gallstone and yesterday while examing liver function test sgpt level 208 and sgot level 114 shown higher.he is now only 24yr and habbit of smoking but left drinking 8month ago.so,what to do to reduce the level of sgpt and sgot level?i will be thankfull if you answer me
output: Start him on hepatoprotective medications. Start on medication like Header /lorn it twice a day along with Adlio twice day will help in reducing the enzyme level and also homeostasis.

input: Hi, can i ask if HEPATITIS Bs Ab (positive 75.43) viral? my other result HEPATITIS Bs Ag -negative, HEPATITIS Be Ag-negative, HEPATITIS C Ab-negative, TREPONEMA SCR/TPHA negative....can you please advise me regarding this matter because im afraid and maybe im not fit to work...thank you & god bless
output: The positive antibody to hepatitis B could be a sign of past-resolved, or present chronic infection. The best test to distinguish would be a viral load test for hepatitis B where they check for actual virus in your body. Ask Your doctor to do the test

input: Hey i and my boyfriend yesterday were about to hav sex he didnt inserted his penis completely but a lilttle i am afraid that will i get pregnant? His penis wa lilttle wet before inserting what shoul i do to avoid pregnancy?i already had an contraceptive pill (ipill) on 3 march.i am 21 years old
output: Hi, I think you can take some emergency contraceptive to avoid pregnancy.  It should be taken within 72 hours.  Hope I have answered your question.

input: 2 weeks now I ve in pain with my tight shoulder, my dr did X-ray and gave shot of cortizone he mentioned a small tear, I went the following day and the joint specialist gave me my 2 shot, he said I had bone spurs but needed to get pain and swelling down from bursistis, 4 days later I can move my arm very little but more than the last two weeks, my question is how long does bursistis last? He mentioned in the back of his mind he hopes it s not (very long name) of something bring a very painful nerve disease, thanks for you help
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. Bursitis heals in nearly 3 weeks. But as you were having very fewer movements, so you are likely to be having frozen shoulder. In this mobilization exercises of shoulder and analgesic helps. Cortisone shots are also helpful. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.

input: HI, i have a problem with my neck and shoulder for wich i have been prescribed co codamol for pain relief, i have taken it befor with no problems in the past, and yesterday on 2 separate occasions. I took a dose this morning and about an hour and a half ish later my top lip swelled to 3 time normal size, no other swelling any where or other problems. Possible reaction to co codamol?
output: HiT hanks for your query. Yes you are right. Probably that swelling occurred due to allergic response to that Chat Doctor. Therefore, better to avoid this 

input: My son was 4 years old and he was sick (fever) for the past 6 days. During the day time his temp. was normal, but in the evening after 6 pm the temp. was around 100 to 101. He given the blood and urine samples yet to receive the report. Can I know why he was having this kind of temp.
output: Thank you for asking query.First I would like to know some history. What is the weight of child? Is Fever associated with rigors? Any other complaints like cough, vomitting? There can be many causes for fever like infections-malaria, typhoid,dengue but if you tell detail history I will be able to conclude. Hope you find this helpful. Rate the above answer if you like it. Chat Doctor. 

input: I had a abnormal pap about a month ago ,I have pain in lower back and lower stomach and I also have HA MRS and Barnet esophagus my chest and upper back feels like some one standing on it all the time. Saw a OB GYN he just told me it s I was going though the change of life . Have a partial hysterectomy about 20 years ago in 2011 had to have ovaries removed due to them being infected . I am 51 and having a lot of pain in my vaginal area and lower stomach and back. Upper chest and left breast and my throat feels as if it s on fire all the time, can t talk very well do to the esophagus trouble. Thank you for answering my questions if you can
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. I have read and understood your concerns:You have a Barrels esophagus, abnormal Pap smear, pain in lower back and stomach; HA MRS and feels that someone is standing on your chest and back, consulted a Gynecologist, and He said that you are going through your stage of change of life at the age of 51. You have already undergone partial hysterectomy along with removal of both the ovaries in 2011 that is 4 years back and the changes night have occurred immediately after the surgery as the ovaries have already been removed. Hence, can not be correlated to the hormonal changes. I would advise you the following:- Get clinical evaluation and physical examination done by a General Surgeon and get investigated accordingly. - CT scan of the abdomen can tell if there is a chance of cancer of the cervix as you had undergone partial hysterectomy.- Pain in the vaginal area can be due to low estrogen you have.- Pain in the chest and breast on fire feeling can be due to Barrett's esophagus, needs regular follow-up with upper GI Endoscopy to see that it is not progressed to become a cancer or so. If required you may have to go for CT scan of the chest too. I hope this answer helps you to get a proper diagnosis as you have multiple problems and that they may not be related.

input: i am just getting craping in my lower stomach and last night was unbearable my stomach was giving me sever craps pain,then i threw up whatever i had for dinner, but throughout about 5 days my stomach just cramps not very much diareah, so in Europe we would give this enterogermina to our children in a liquid form would this help get my intestinals in order ?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Yes, take Enterogermia in proper dosages. This should help. But when there is so much of cramping, vomiting, not much diarrhea, it is better to take a 5-day course of an antibiotic and metronidazole also. If no relief go for investigations of the blood, urine and stool; ultrasonography of the abdomen and colonoscopy.

input: my daughter - 5yrs has had a mild temperature for a few days, complaining of a headache and has now developed a quite visible red blotch around her right eye - whole socket and eye-lid. not dissimilar from looking like a black eye. I have checked tonsils and glands cannot see anything untoward and she has no other complaints
output: Hi...it may be a periorbital cellulitis which is in starting stage of it could be a viral illness too. I suggest you to consult your nearest pediatrician regarding this. The other option is you can upload an image of the kid on this forum and get back to us. Regards - 

input: I am 58 taking regular Eslo2.5 & Losakind 25 last 5 years due to sl. High BP 140-150/80. I am an allergic/asthmatic & also using inhaler(puff) at evening before slip. Is the BP Drugs trigger Asthama! I s the B P Drug to change/discontinue? P.S.Das / YYYY@YYYY
output: Hello, Eslo and Rosalind should not make your asthma worse. Beta-blockers may do that but the Chat Doctor.  None of them needs to be discontinued because of your asthma. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi, I m 15 years old and in the past couple of years I ve noticed that my legs get red blotches when i stand for more than 5 minutes. It s a lot faster in heat, but it even happens in the cold. I also feel a lot of uncomfortable pressure in my legs, and have fainted multiple times. After researching, I ve just discovered POTS, and I show most of the symptoms. I was wondering if i should be concerned or if it s no big deal.
output: Hi, there is nothing much to worry with this. Sometimes what you read on internet is all about the symptoms, but the clinical correlation is always a very different. Why don't you try doing some regular aerobic exercises and then see. You can even look for specific lower limb strengthening as well. Workout for your core stability as well. All together this should take away your most of the symptoms, and you will find it ease soon wish you an early recovery. Thank you

input: Hello doctor,  Age 29. I was worried about get mad. These thoughts made me panic and couldn t concentrate on any where even tv program. I have consulted doctor he given me medicine called sertraline tablet. I was taking it past two years. I am not taking the medicine from past 4 months. Now the feeling started again slowly. Can you help me
output: As per details given by you, these uncontrollable and irrational thoughts which seem to bother you could be manifestation of Obsessive compulsive disorder. It is recommended to restart sertraline for an early control of these symptoms. It is also recommended that you should stop these medications gradually after consulting your psychiatrist. If you have any additional queries please feel free to raise them.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? hy im a boy and my problem is that i really like girls stuff but im afraid to wear a thong mybe in school or whatever even i want to or read cosmo in the breaks i dont know what to do i feel a bit confused
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. You have not given your age here. Also, you should have mentioned your siblings and family set up. Around the age of 10 to 12 boy child Chat Doctor.  Especially if they have girl siblings. There is nothing to worry. When you develop, such thoughts subside. Regarding cosmos, I think you are yet to know what are all those. Takes some time to understand, you know. Concentrate on your studies. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi, I was recently diagnosed with a old compound fracture of my L1 vi a x ray I am wondering what the usual procedures are to resolve this problem .. i had a bone density done this past Sept. and no on mentioned it before.. just looking for some proactive answers ...dr.appt. set for this mo...my am 5.6 nd weigh 135 so, I am not overweight name is Cathy, I am a Truck driver I
output: Hello, It may be due to fracture. For further assessment you may require complete hologram, x-ray or MRI after orthopedic surgeon consultation. You may require surgical intervention after surgeon consultation. Till then for pain you can take tablet acetaminophen. Restrict your movements. Use support while walking. Hope I have answered your query... Let me know if I can assist you further. Chat Doctor. 

input: I FRACTURED MY RING FINGER DISTAL PHANGES ON 9-5-10, I HAD BEEN USING A SPLINT AND I AM STILL HAVING SWELLING AND PAIN. IT IS HARD TO USE MY HAND ESPECIALLY AFTER A DAY AT WORK MY HAND ACTUALLY HURTS TOO. SHOULD I GO TO AN ORTHOPEDIC DR. IS THIS A CONCERN???
output: Welcome to ChatDoctorHello, pain and swelling indicates an inflammation, it is of concern Please visit the nearest orthopedic and take an x-ray if everything is fine he my suggest some exercise which will help outranks hope this helps you

input: I slipped and fell on ice yesterday as I was walking on the side walk towards my apartment home, I remember taking 3 or 4 steps and it happened so fast that I smacked the ice really hard and it effected my left knee and left hip, I went to E.R. the pain was really bad, I was crying and could barely walk on it. X-rays showed bad contusion and was bleeding some on left hip and I guess nothing on the knee even though its aching really bad today. It is possible that this hip injury could be permanent?
output: No it is not permanent but I recommend another x-ray after 1 week as some crack fractures only show up on x-ray 1 week later Good Luck

input: My 10 year old daughter wasnt feeling well today, headache. Wanted to take a bath and she used some of my bath scrub from bath and body works. She is now compalining of shortness of breath and chest pain. She is not pale, her pulse is 88. She is speaking fine and not laboring for breath. Could this be an allergic reaction to the smelly body scub?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The symptoms of your daughter are suggestive of some allergic reactions. As the symptoms developed after the bath following exposure to different scrubs. You need to test her blood sample foe absolute eosinophil count, it will help to know the presence of allergic reactions in the body. To avoid the symptoms of asthma, your daughter should be exposed to the triggering factors which may be a chemical, dust, pollen or food. The allergen causing these symptoms should be avoided as for as possible. IF it is not possible to avoid the allergen you can give her an immunotherapy by consulting your doctor. For the present symptoms she can be given tab least for 5 days. Thank you.

input: I have a very sore behind. Blood on toilet paper after bowel movements a foul and sticky discharge and a rash around anus and up crease. The rash lookes like inflamed pimples that itch im not sure if the discharge come from them. I have tried talc, nappy rash cream etc with only itching having relief Any assistace is apprieciated
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having some local skin infection like dermatitis or ingrown hair infection. Clean the area with antiseptic lotion and apply antibiotic cream. Go for one antibiotic medicine course for 5 days. There might be having chance of fistula in ANO. So if problem persisted, consult surgeon and get examined. Keep local hygiene clean, Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.

input: hi last month my persiods were start on 18 novemeberbut this month 18 th date went but i didnot get periods this month . i mean its 02 days more.so could you please tel me any hoem made reasons to bring periods soon.pls reply urgent i need ur help pls
output: A decoction[quoth] of black til and black jeers with Jagger [God] mixed in it should be taken both morning and evening. Also eating of ripe papaya will help.

input: Hi my father had angioplasty around 1 year back. he had some problems yesterday upon echo test it was found that the strength of the heart which increased from 25% at the time of angioplasty to 40% over a period of time is reduced to 32% as per the echo test today. What my be the possible reason ??
output: Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that these fluctuations in EF could be related to interobserver variability (by the method of measuring used by the technician).  So, in my opinion, if you do not have any worsening of your situation, shortness of breath, etc. There is nothing to worry about. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: i have had chest pain on my left side and top part if my back 2 and also shortness of breath sometimes when i breath i get a sharp pain in the middle left of my chest this has happen quite a few time but today when it happen i had blood in my spit and it come from my either
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor Here as chest pain, dyspnea and blood tinged sputum present as per your history it is better to rule out cardiac causes first (because no respiratory complaint like cough, fever present)... -Auscultation -EKG -echocardiography if needed -x-ray chest According to cause specific treatment given If no cardiac and respiratory cause found than it might be predicted as muscular pain... Take care Consult physician or pulmonologist for examination and further work up accordingly

input: Sir, Gud Morning. My mother has been suffering from Diabetics since 20 years or more. Her complications include:while walking she feels giddiness to the extent that she feels as if she is floating in the air, she feels without energy and vitality. Her sugar level remains at 140.However, since two days, her sugar level has escalated to 250 and found Haemoglobin 6 and her limbs getting swolen.Now what to do, please suggest me.
output: Hi, Thanks for your question. After going through your question, there is a need for evaluation in your mothers case. There may be following cases for her symptoms-1) Hyperglycemia:High blood sugar level may lead to hyperosmolar state that may interfere with normal brain function.2) Hypoglycemia:Transient Low blood sugar level may cause these types of symptoms.3) Neuropathy:Autonomic and peripheral neuropathy due to diabetes or any other cause may lead to these types of symptoms.4) Postural Hypotension:Sudden Chat Doctor. 5) Cerebrovascular disease:Decreased blood supply to brain due to- Atherosclerotic blockage in blood vessels of brain. - Slow blood flow to brain in response to poor heart function or sudden 

input: hi im 24yr male im feeling urine infection like when i finnished my toilet after few minuts later some drops of urine is coming out pls advice me what to do.
output: Hi.. A few  ChatDoctor. 

input: Hi doctor!I am having 2 days for my period but i am suffering from. Severe stomach pain,low back pain, breast pain,my breasts tastes sour,leg pain, i an very thirsty, and i feel tiered why these are caused due to pregnancy or period. I want to get pregnant.i am Trying for past. 8 months i had ccontact on. All my ovolution days, i am having regular periods 30 to 32 days what is the solution please help me!
output: Hi, In the current scenario, you can wait for your cycle as it is almost due and then go for a urine pregnancy test 3-7 days later if you miss it. If you wish for an earlier and better confirmation, you can go for the serum beta-ChatDoctor title. Please see your health care provider for a physical exam and get a trans-vaginal sonogram if you miss a period. Your symptoms are not specific to early pregnancy; they can be pre-menstrual as well. Hope your query is clarified. Take care.

input: Hi I just noticed that the bottom of my tongue has these big dark purple veins under it. I have had a couple of gum abscesses. 1 the tooth broke off and the abscess only comes once in a while. The second the abcess has been draining continually past couple of yrs and the tooth recently started to break. ( cant afford dental care)Yesterday a piece chipped off and is causing trauma under my tongue. Could that have something to do with the abscesses or trauma pls help
output: Hi, The dark purple veins running under the tongue are normal as they are present in everybody, and maybe you have just noticed them. If they are not swollen or painful then there is absolutely nothing to worry about. Gum access is a completely different thing which needs to be treated by a dentist along with your other oral problems such as fractured teeth. The broken tooth maybe sharp and may cause ulcer, but there is no correlation with the veins running under your tongue. Regards

input: I got bit by a horsefly yesterday. The area immediately swelled and turned red. After a few hours it looked like it was getting better but last night it got swollen and was swollen down to the middle of my calf. Today no swelling on the calf but still about a baseball sized redmond got area around the bite.
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Horsefly bite is going to be healed soon as indicated by decrease in its size. I advise you to take care for wound in means of hygiene, please do Chat Doctor. You can take Betadine and prednisolone under your doctors' guidance. It will help your wound to get clear earlier. Because it contains some antigenic material which will be cleaned by antihistamines 

input: My 11 month old vomiting whatever I feed him immediately after taking in. What to be done in this condition? How to find he is okay? After giving him porridge it stayed in for 15 mins and no vomit? So is it a sign that he is alright?what kind of food to be given?
output: For vomiting you have to give him syrup vomiting or syrup ondansetron 5 ml twice daily with some antibiotic like syrup symbiotic-p or syrup moxikind-cv 5 ml thrice daily to cover the infection if any present. Continue feeding along with breast milk and maintain the HY Chat Doctor. 

input: I got poison oak this past weekend while hiking in the woods. I have redness and swelling on my arms, legs, and scrottum. I went to a local doctors on duty last night and they have me a steroid shot. As of the next day my scrottum and penis are swelling even more than the day before. What should I do from here. It s painful and preventing me from sleeping and unable to go to work.
output: HelloThanks for query. The swelling of scrotum and penis with rash over arms and legs strongly suggest that you probably have allergic reaction to insect bite. You need to take You need to take broad spectrum antibiotic like Cefuroxime along with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. It should get cured within a week.

input: My husband has foul smelling urine. In his terms, it smells like rot. He has recently been recovering from a B.Suis brucellosis infection that he had for 6 years. They treated it with Gentamicin which damaged his kidneys and inner ear. His GFR was 42 in November, 75 in December and 77 this week. But suddenly his kidneys hurt, and his urine smells. The local doctor (family practice) said we should not be alarmed and to simply increase his fluid intake. What are your thoughts?
output: Dear User, in biology, thus medicine is included, bad smell is always a bad sign. Your husband should perform an urinalysis and urine culture to exclude an infection. It is very likely according to your story. Let me know,

input: As my wife is scary abt ivf after repeated failure , is there any ways medically withou taking harmone , or taking scan , we can do with medically . My motility is also constraint of 20 % , count is reduced form 35 to 15 millions . Can u pl guide me . ALso i want to freeze my blood relatative sample for min 05 IUI .
output: HI, Thanks for asking. I have read & understood your concern.  a) Provided your wife is ovulating regular monthly period/ her tubes are patent (which must have been tested before posting her for IVF.) and your sperm count shows normal liquefaction time & normal intercourse with good erection & ejaculation, (because 15- 35 millions sperms with 20% grade 4 motility is able to impregnate) you can try to have a natural pregnancy for 3 months.  Both of you start taking folic acid pills & cap. Vitamin E till conceived.  Know her ovulation time by LH surge test done at home. Have unprotected sex for 5 days from the +ve test.  Confirm pregnancy by Home pregnancy test of urine after 8 days delay in periods.  B() if no success with natural way. Both of you can go for GUI (intrauterine insemination . At the ovulation time (by LH surge test/ by USG scan) . Using selective healthy sperms of yourself or donor.  c) IVF is a tedious process. But can give + ve results with donor sperms.  In case of problem with your wives ovum/ uterus. Surrogacy is the answer using couples own & donors gametes (sperm / ovum).  Wishing you luck.  Thanks.

input: hello, im a 14 year old boy, i need help, my testicle hair recentley have been turning beige, i cut a few pieces off and looked closely it looks like theres some type of fungus incased on it, i looked it up for more details but i dont know what to call it, scrotom fungus? im worried how this will affect me and how it can be cured, thank you
output: Hello, Yes, it can be a fungal infection. The bacterial infection is rare. It can also be due in anemia or decreased melanin.  You can do a swab for fungus and bacterial swab culture sensitivity local antifungal with steroid will be helpful. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. R. Raveen

input: Mr. Jackson, age 65, comes to the doctor s office complaining of a sharp pain in the right side of his chest. He says his chest hurts when he breathes deeply or coughs. This is a problem, he says, because he has been coughing a lot, has difficulty drawing breath, and feels a tightness in the center of his chest. What condition or conditions might the doctor suspect? What methods of diagnosis would the doctor use, and what specific signs would the doctor look for to pinpoint the cause?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. According to his symptoms, possibility of bronchitis or lung infection is more likely. He is having pleuritic pain (pain on deep breathing). Pleuritic pain is characteristically seen in pneumonia and bronchitis. So doctor will auscultate his lungs. If it sounds like wheezing then bronchitis is more likely and hence PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) is needed. If it sounds like crests then pneumonia is more likely and hence chest x-ray is needed. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your patient. Thanks.

input: Its been 5 days that I have experiencing diarrhea, fever, stomach cramps, abdominal terderness and there are days that its difficult to move bowel. Is this amoebiasis? What will be its treatment and proper medication?Hope to find light on this matter. Thank you so much!
output: Many things can be causing your symptoms, including meiosis and other parasitic infections. You could also be having a viral or bacterial gastroenteritis. Your symptoms are consistent with a variety of gastrointestinal infections. The only way to find out exactly what the cause is, is to see a doctor and have the diarrhea tested for amoebas and other types of infections. The treatments for these different conditions vary, so it is important to find the correct diagnosis before you treat it. There are specific antibiotics for bacterial infection, and different medications for the different parasites that may be present. Viral infections are managed symptomatically. So if this is persisting, get it checked and find out what the best treatment is for your condition. Hope this helps.

input: Hi Doctor,A few days back a rusted nail pierced throgh my foot. I took one anti-tetanus injection immediately. Though there is no wound now, I feel terrible pain on that spot while walking. Does it mean there is infection inside? what medicine should I take now?
output: Hello, Welcome to ChatDoctorIts good that you took a dose of TT injection soon after the wound site. If your previous TT injection dose was 10 years back, you need to take 2 doses of injection.Also, as you are having pain in the wound, you need to take a course of antibiotics and painkillers, as you are having infection. Hope you are happy with the answer, Thank you

input: I have muscle aches, bone pain, fatigue and I sleep a lot. I cancel appointments, family and friends functions. I can no longer do house hold chores. This started years ago only a couple times in 2 months, now it has progressed to almost on a daily basis. What specialist should I consult with to help determine what is my problem. I am a 75 year old female. I really need help. Thank you.
output: Hi, as you mentioned your age as 75, it seems to me more of an aging factor. Why don't you try out some exercises which will help you built up some strength. Make a note here that the exercise will help to improve the metabolism and the immune system as well. You should even focus on your proper and healthy diet as well.  Chat Doctor.  Your problem will be solved for 100% sure. I have dealt with many aged people and all does well with exercise and good diet.

input: Hello, my name is Davie. I have severe back and neck problems, have for close to a decade. My entire spine and neck is very sore, nerve problems and no doubt my spine would be out in lots of places. A few weeks ago i started getting pains in my throat, like pain coming from the top of my chest just below my collar bones and traveling up my two neck two arteries. It isnt constant, but is there daily and comes and goes. Its in direct line with where the worst part of my back is, just below my collarbone line. That level is where my back is just beyond sore, words cant describe how bad it gets and i know my spine is out of place badly there. Now at the front at the exact same level is where im getting the pains from that are shooting into my throat. I know that pains like that can be heart related, but i feel fine apart from my back pain, my heart feels okay. Im just wondering can severe back pain and having a spine out of place cause such problems like this at the front. It just feels very tight and i get shooting pains going into my throat, but theres no real trouble breathing, just the usual tightness i feel with my spine being out and being very painful. If i honestly thought it was my heart and i had no trouble at all with back or neck pain, id be at the hospital right now. I just honestly dont feel its my heart and i know how ridiculous my back feels right now with the pain im in. Im only 35, so i dont think its a heart attack or stroke or anything and i have no tingling or numbness or anything in my arms/hands. Just want to know if severe back pain and spine out of place can transfer pain to your front and affect other things to give you the neck pain and chest tightness ive just described. Thank you for you help.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for asking the query. In my opinion this is not heart attack or stroke. The pain at the back and in the spine does not come to the front just below the collar bone. The pain you are having in front and at the back are two separate pains. If I was your treating physician I will do the following:1. Take detailed assessment of your mood and anxiety. Sometimes such pains are associated with depression and anxiety disorder. Treating depression/anxiety improves the outcome of pain as well. 2. Get your x-ray spine done. 3. Examine the throat and chest for any abnormality.4. Get an ECG done.5. Consider starting antianxiety and pain modulating medicines. I hope this helps you.2.

input: i have a small burning spot on my back lung or rib at present i have brochortis and allergies taken medicine for both when i breahe very that is when the burning spot starts doent seem larger than a dime to quaeter size it just started this evening did not know if it heart related or my condition to the brochortis abd allergies
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of bronchitis and allergy related symptom is more rather than heart related. Bronchitis and allergies when uncontrolled can cause worsening inflammation in lungs. And this can cause burning type of sensation. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). PFT will tell you about severity of inflammation. On the basis of PFT values, treatment is advised. Inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) are treatment of choice. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, i am pregnant for the second time. Unfortunately i miscarried around 20 weeks in June. I should be about 8 weeks pregnant on November 10 but i have had light bleeding. The first occurance was two days ago it was just a light flow that ended basically as soon as it started. I rested until today when i had a lot of walking i needed to do and then i bleed again. My worry is compounded by the fact that i have had a lot of acid problems and constipation so i am not sure if my stomache pain has other more sinister causes. I am only due to see my OB in a week. Thank you in advance for your answer.
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion there are various causes for bleeding or spotting in pregnancy like hormonal abnormalities like thyroid abnormalities, progesterone insufficiency, abnormal pregnancy,low-lying placenta, bleeding from cervix etc. I suggest you to rule out the above causes by getting done physical examination, thyroid profile to rule out thyroid abnormalities, ultrasound to know the pregnancy status. Nothing to worry. Once the cause is treated it will subside. Avoid physical strain and intercourse. Take strict bed rest. But if the bleeding has not stopped consult doctor. Hope this helps. Best regards...

input: hello sir! my newborn son had to go for testicle surgery on his 13 th day and doctor had fixed it the other one.as a mother what are the precautions i should take of my son related to his diet. exercises, playing in future and after its fixation are there any chances otherone gettingg it twist. thanku sir. A mother from india
output: Hi, thanks for query. No special care is needed. Normally torsion of testis occurs due to some trauma or otherwise. Just be watchful and when ever he complains pain in and heaviness in scrotum, please do not ignore it.Otherwise no major restrictions are advised. Wishing you good health.

input: My mum(89) has just had a CT scan and MRI scan on her liver.An physical examination found her liver was enlarged --she has sometimes got an  enlarged abdomen that is occasionally hard to touch I presume they are checking for liver cancer --any other possibilities Thanks Ian
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Enlarge liver could be by infection, cancer or hemolytic anemia... Your doctor has done your physical examination. So he might have suspected cancer and let's see report of CT scan... Another possibility if cancer not present could be hepatitis ...If you need viral marker may be needed. It could be by chronic hemolysis also ex.thalassemia, autoimmune hemolysis, Chat Doctor. For hemolysis primary work up us with peripheral smear examination and relic count... If still exact cause not clear USG guided biopsy done for final approach... Hope your concern solved.... Take care.

input: Hi, I am 22 years old and I have been suffering with abdominal pain for months now, I have been back and forth to the Doctors but don t seem to be getting any answers, the pain was in the upper middle abdomen but now it seems to be under my left rib and in my back, I feel sick almost every day and sometimes the pain is so bad I struggle to find a position to relieve it. I have an 18 month old Daughter and this pain is making life hard work. I had a natural vaginal birth however I had to be put under anesthetic to have my placenta removed. I am very good with pain but this is so aggravating..I have had an abdominal ultra sound and it came back normal so please please help me or give me some idea what this could be. Amy.
output: Hi Amy, Thanks for writing your query. After reading your post, it seems that your pain in abdomen is due to increased acidity in the stomach. You should follow some precautions like :-1. Avoid spicy and oily foods.2. Donor miss a meal.3. Avoid emotional/mental stress.4. Avoid doing self-medication especially with painkillers and steroids.5.  Chat Doctor.  You can take antacid like Omeprazole 20 mg daily along with Risperidone 10 mg for relief from your symptoms. Antacid in gel or liquid form is also beneficial as it forms a protective layer over the damaged mucosa of the stomach. You can get yourself investigated for :-1. H. pylori infection.2. Endoscopy. If the problem persists, get your examined and investigated by Gastroenterologist. I hope this is useful to you. Thanks.

input: Hi, I am twenty five years old and started having seizures 9 months ago. I have not only had recurrent seizures while on medication, but also very I ll from side effects. I was on keppra and lost 15 pounds due to severe nausea and am was switched to a combination of dilantin and lamictal. I am currently weaning off of the dilantin and have been experiencing dizzy spells, auras, shaking, nausea, and tingling in hands and feet. I keep feeling like I am going to have a seizure, but haven t actually had one. Is it possible that my body is trying to have a seizure, but it s being prevented by the medication? Are these feelings normal while weaning off of dilantin? I would appreciate your professional opinion! Lisa
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I read carefully your question and would explain that your symptoms are not typical of weaning dilation. You should know that this Chat Doctor. 

input: hi I was given advantan in turkey after being bitten by a mosquito i had swelling around the ankle and redness in same area.Was this ok to use i used it for just over a week the swelling stayed and is still is swollen 10 days after but the redness has gone
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for posting your query. I understand your query. Advantage has active ingredient of Methylprednisolone acetate commonly used to treat redness, swelling, crusting. It can be safely used over affected area for up to 12 weeks in adults unless they develop side effects like thinning of skin, purple patches or dilated veins over affected area. Swelling will gradually subside. Hope this information was helpful. Regards

input: Newborn skin Baby was born in winter. After going out - skin on the face (forehead and chin) looked like it was peeling off. Such skin problems are only the first three weeks. Once on a forehead, I have removed a small piece of skin and now there are red spot. Already 6 months are gone and it does not pass. What will advise to do?It will remain?
output: Hello. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I would suggest you to go and visit a dermatologist because it may be an eczema.

input: Hello Doctor, am facing difficulty in breathing as flum has increased in my chest. I have got 2 cough syrups, 1) Ambrodyl Syrup and benadryl DR. Could you suggest me the best option ? Also I have fever and cold for that am taking Dolo (paracetomol) and cetzine.
output: First get your X-ray chest and pulmonary function testing done .as you have fever also, so there might be some infection you need to take antibiotic also either moxyclav 625 thrice a day or author 500 mg once a day and syrup am bro Chat Doctor. 

input: I have lower left back pain that is below waistline and when I walk is very painful and radiates up the left of my spine. Been to chiropractor 4 times and says its my lower lumbar but treatments haven t helped. not sure what more I can do. Tylenol, ibuprofen/ naproxen is not helping. thinking it may be more seiours. I know what sciatica pain is and its not that. I don t have credit card with me, didn t know I had to pay
output: Thank you for sharing your complaint, dear friend your low back pain seems muscular pain. You should consult orthopedic/neurophysician nearer to you when you are in your city. Presently if you have severe pain then take muscle relaxant medicine like combination of diclofenac+paracetamol+chlorzoxazon. Exercise and physiotherapy will help you a lot. If possible consult physiotherapist nearer to you.-exercise for low back pain-raise your one lower extremity straight from hip joint without bending from knee after sleeping on back and then put down slowly. Same exercise for another lower extremity. And then for both leg simultaneously. Sleep on abdomen and raise your head and chest backward. Increase this exercise every day. Hope this answer will be helpful to you. For more queries please don't hesitate to ask. Get well soon dear friend

input: Hi, a month ago i had started coughing everytime i puff a cigarette so i decided to quit.A week after i quit the dr. said i had fluid by my lungs and gave me antibotics. I dont have anymore mucus its just feel like i have a lump in my throat which causes me to have short of breath. Is this normal?
output: HI, Dear,Welcome to Chat Doctor. Based on the facts and data of your query, you seem to have Pleurisy with HERD. Breathlessness is due to reduced lung volume from the lung fluid causing atelectasis lung.Thus, this is not Normal. If it is disturbing you would need ER treatment urgently. If not get pulmonologist to Chat Doctor. Hope this reply would help you to resolve your sever anxiety. Welcome for any further query in this regard Will appreciate writing your feedback review comments, to help the needy patients like you at Chat Doctor. Good Day!!

input: I have a lump in the front of my neck above my colar bone..I noticed it three years ago or so as a small pea size, now it is the size of a 50 cent piece...I have had cancer in the left parodit gland and breast cancer in the past..so far my doctors say it is nothing...do I need to look into it more...Thank you
output: Hi. With the history of cancer a lump in the area you mentioned needs at least FNAC that is Fine Needle Aspiration Cytology and may an ultrasonography. Most probably this can a normal swelling from thyroid as this has been there for a long time of 3 years and very slowly growing.

input: I have a very bad skin condition on my leggs below the knees only. was working on side portch with project for the yard. Went inside to put on shorts and seen small red spoys like heat rash on leggs. Went to bed got up with leggs covered. Seen doctor -dign. reaction from meds and prolong sunlight. Now worse , they think something else is wrong. Any ideals?
output: Hi, It may be contact allergic dermatitis. Kindly consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. I would suggest...-avoid soap bath.-antihistamines - steroid in tapering dose-apply steroid cream-avoid triggering Food hope this would help you.thanks. Chat Doctor. 

input: my daughter is in the ospital now..sahe was suffering dengue fever stage 1..what is the immediate remedy to increase her platelets?her platelets yesterday is 88 and her vital sign is 120/70 and her weight is 60lbs.she was 11 year old.pls help me doc...
output: Hi, first there is no need to panic. Platelet count above 20000 will cause no harm to the child. Secondly adequate liquid diet is more important in dengue fever. Usually, the platelet starts to increase as the child improves which usually occurs around 4-5 days of fever. I suggest you to give adequate liquid diet and daily platelet count monitoring of child. Regards - Chat Doctor. 

input: My husband was diagnosed with AML (Acute Myeloid Lukemea) that has mutaion or moleclar change in a gene called Flt 3.  He is under going treatment and completed the fourth Chemo cycle.  Also he is on a study drug calledI Midosaturin .  I recently  read that  Imitinef Mercilet is a cure for Blood Cancer and it is available at Adayar Cancer Institute, Chennai, India.  Is it correct?  The name of the medicine is :Imitinef Mercilet
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. Since your husband is diagnosed with AML which is a type of blood cancer, chemotherapy is one of the best solutions for him. Midostaurin is a promising medicine and is under multiple research and treatment trials. If your husband is getting this medicine then let him continue taking it under the recommendation of his doctor. It is considered effective for a type of cancer called systemic mastocytosis. The promotion of limiting merciless in some sections of media is misrepresented. Just like midostaurin, limiting merciless is the name of another medicine which was in trials some time back. This medicine was not totally curative for all blood cancers but under research for certain blood cancer types. Unfortunately due to public ignorance, this was made in to a news report and mail and circulated among unintended sections of society. It is important not to get misled by such details. Please do not worry.

input: Hello, I have been dealing with abdominal pain that shifts from the right side sometimes on my left side. I also have low back pain at the same time. I have had CT scan. Sonogram done and nothing has shown up. Do you know what might be causing my pain. This has been going on for 8 months.
output: Hi...it can be ibs...get a colonoscopy done and show to a gastro specialist if needed...

input: I m a male @ 80 years and I have neuropathy in my feet. My right foot is especially painful in that the ball burns and there is an occasional sharp pain radiating from the right side of my ball into the little toe. Throughout the day. I m on Lyrica.
output: Hello, Thanks for writing to us, I have read your query and I would advise the following Change your diet and remove inflammatory foods such as citrus fruits, dairy products and wheat that may aggravate the condition. Simultaneously increase your intake of potassium and calcium-rich foods such as bananas and avocados and green leafy vegetables Vitamin B12 is important in the maintenance of health and normal functioning of the nerve tissue and deficiency of it can lead to numbness. You can increase B12 level by taking meat and fish, or you can take In methylcobalamine 1500 mcg alternate day. [6 doses]You need to consult your treating doctor to check your parameters like BP, ECG changes and detailed heart auscultation. Some useful suggestionApply a warm or cold compress to reduce burning or tinglingRemedies such as breathing exercises and meditation may also help reduce stress-related symptoms such as numbness and tingling. I hope that I have answered your query. Let me know if I can help you further. Take care

input: liver is normal in size and shows hyperechoic echotexture . No focal SOL or IHBD dilatation, but gall bladder is distended with few calculi seen within the lumen. No pericholecytic fluid collection. IMPRESSION: USG study reveals fatty liver changes. CHOLELITHIASIS
output: Hi welcome to the Chat Doctor You are having fatty liver with gall stone For these conditions ursodeoxycholic acid 300 mg dose tablet can be prescribed (it will help in cholesterol dissolution in bile and reduce cholesterol absorption) Take low fat diet. Use less oil in cooking Regular exercise done like jogging, swimming etc. Lose weight if obese. Green leafy vegetables, fruits consumed more Refined food avoided Alcohol intake limited Some doctor also prescribes vitamin E for fatty liver as having antioxidants property Hope your concern solved Take care Regularly check liver profile... If having further query feel free to ask

input: My sister is 54 and multiple medical problems, been wearing a morphine patch for at least 5 years... She says her back hurts??... Anyway now she has been diagnosed with mouth Thrush, and is spitting and vomiting up blood, really black she said, she is unable to eat also and in a lot of pain.  My question... would taking the Soverign Silver to build up her immune system? And doing away with any and all items that would feed the fungus candida? And also taking beef out of her diet .....this has to be in the esopoogus and stomach?  How bad do u think this is?
output: This is an advanced condition. She should be immediately hospitalized and antifungal Chat Doctor.  Diet is not a problem she can have anything she wants. Probably this is esophageal candidiasis. I don't thing without having a check-up with a doctor she should go for any medicine like sovereign silver.

input: I am 27 years old. Unmarried.I am suffering from polycystic ovaries disorder. My doctor suggestedto take DIANE 35 WITH glycomet ( 250mg ) dosage per day. I have been taking it since 1 month. I am obese and want to loose weight. Does this combination will help me to overcome with my problem of Polycistic ovaries disorder and will it also help me to loose my weight?
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question. Diane 35 prescribed to counter the effect of an Chat Doctor. 

input: I will be drivin home, i could be 20 mins away and i get very bad sharp pain.Itstarts to hurt then i cry to a point where am drivin and have a accident on myself. Am 22 year old female. I go bathroom alot dueto i drinkl alot of waterjuice and soda. If i hold it for a period of  time i get bad to point am in somuch pain. as what i know i always since i was little use the bathroom alot/
output: His appreciate your concernLooking at your brief history it seems to be a case of renal colic or Union my opinion you should take tab acetaminophen for pain relief and tab pantoprazole 40 mg with antacids to reduce stomach hyperacidityVisit Your doctor for detailed examination and battery of tests like urine test and an ultrasound Hope this helps you good luck

input: I have chronic urticarial. a few months ago I started an aggressive exercise regimen, running, weights, jumping, etc. I started to experience random tingling sensations in my legs and then I tried a stair master and after that I had a significant attack all over of tingling and pain on the bottoms of my feet (my dr. had diagnosed me with pressure hives/dermatographism 3 years ago. what can I do? I stopped exercising and its better but not completely gone. Certain ways that I sit can bring it on but if I get up and walk it goes away.
output: I think you should visit an orthopedic specialist. Get your spine assessed. As tingling sensation can be due to back disorder as you are even a heavyweight lifter. Kindly visit and orthopedic specialist and follow the guidelines. You need to strengthen your core muscles and be little slow in performing exercises.

input: Hello, My name is Rahul, am from Hyderabad, INDIA. My sister (29 years) is suffering from kidney problem. Her serem creatinine level is 9.9mg/dl for now and doctors here say that kidney transplant operation has to be done as soon as possible. But getting the source for kidney is never easy. My entire family is worried about this. I request you to suggest some thing that can help us to save her. I hope you will definitely come up with some positive way to get out of this problem. Please Help! Regards, Rahul
output: Hi, as i don't know what kidney problem is your sister suffering from it is difficult to say whether a kidney transplant is going to solve her problem. Kidney or renal transplant has its own problems and it's not easy to say that is the best of solutions as it itself involves a large amount of expense plus its own known side effects which are very common like a person has to stay on immunosuppressive Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 30 weeks pregnant. And the past couple of days i have been feeling what seems like my heart is trying to pop out of my chest. It starts to beat rapidly and almost jumps at times. Ive never had any heart problems on the past. And no problems in this pregnancy except onlu gaining 3 lbs so far.
output: Palpitation can be because of anemia or some heart problem. Valvular heart disease may be diagnosed during pregnancy only. Get EKG with 2decho of heart done. Be calm and positive, everything will be OK.

input: In the last six months I ve had two fusion surgeries done. One at my C3-C4 and one at my L5-S1. I came out of the neck fusion fine, textbook recovery and doing well. However, with my back surgery I developed a really bad reaction to the surgical glue they used to glue the steri-strips (sp?) to hold my incision together. After a medrol dose pack I was fine, and felt very well at about 2-3 weeks post op. Then suddenly at about 4 weeks I developed a really bad itching with swelling in my hands and feet as well as huge hives, small welts and patches of rash all over my arms, neck, chest, tops of my feet, on my face and in my ears. At one point I ended up with a swelling and burning feeling on the left side of my tongue and left tonsil. My hands and feet would end up being painful in all the joints at the worst flare ups . I ended up going to the ER three times for various problems with this reaction and was told to take benadryl. After followup with my primary care he put me on hydroxyzine and another medrol dose pack. After finishing the dose pack I did really well for about 3-4 days and even got to where I didn t have to take anything for itching/hives. But then the rashes, itching and hives have slowly come back and gotten worse, I m now on another medrol dose pak and taking the hydroxyzine every 4-6 hours. Originally my surgeon s PA thought it was a reaction to the Norco and Robaxin I was on post surgery so I ve been off of that for about 3 weeks or so. My primary care doctor believes this is a an over reaction my body is having due to the trauma of having two major surgeries within a 6 month time period. My questions are: Is this possible? And if so, why does it happen and how long can it last? When should I be worried that something else is going on with my body? I don t have a history of allergies except a reaction to penicillin when I was about 8 years old. I ve never even had seasonal allergy issues so I m really at a loss as to what I can do.
output: Hello, Your symptoms seem to be related to an allergic reaction. I suggest doing the allergic tests for further evaluation.  Meanwhile, I suggest using Loratadine to prevent the symptoms.  I also suggest using HY Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Im a bricklayer and recently have been lifting alot of blocks lately and the other day my wrist started hurting and now my wrist and half way up my arm is swollen, I dont feel any pain unless i turn my hand a certain way but other than that its just really swollen....so swollen my skin is shiny.
output: Hi, there! Your situation is moderate (shiny skin is red flag) and Your arm needs rest! You must add cold (ice through towel) for 15 min every hour and put Your arm in sling. This condition can last for 1 week!Painkiller local gel is recommended after cold - Ibuprofen based gel. If Your finger start to be numb and parenthetic, then go to emergency ward. I hope this helps

input: I have occasional perception of weakness in my limbs since the last few years (particularly in the left upper & lower limbs), with a slightly increased frequency over the past few months. I have no problem with gripping or lifting an object etc. as such, just that the left hand feel a little more tired when I lift it as compared to the right. I also get tingling and burning sensation in my palms and feet sometimes and also in certain parts of the body, which are non specific and transient. Of late, I am also experiencing occasional gentle transient pain or a sudden pulse of pain in my limbs (probably along the nerves)  , neck and sometimes inside the head too, though, this are non-location specific (meaning, the pain is not in the same spot all the time. eg. sometimes its the right side of the head, sometimes left, sometimes around the cheek bone etc. I am non-diabetic with normal BP and 40 years of age. I have been detected with dyslipidemia some 6-7 years back and since then I am on Atorvastatin 10 mg ( was briefly in 5 mg dose too in between) and have my lipid profile under control. I have also been prescribed with aspirin 75 mg, since the last 4 months. I have consulted neurologist for my problem and my problem, mentioned here, has been attributed to stress / anxiety. Is the diagnosis correct? For the problem, I have been prescribed Tryptomer 10 mg, which I am yet to start, as I read somewhere it is an anit-depressant, has a sedative effect and can be addictive. Hence, I want to avoid it. Is it Ok, if I try and control it with diet, meditation and relaxation excercises? Or, I need to take the medicine to cure myself. Please note that the problem I face is not very acute, but nonetheless when it occurs it makes me nervous about my well being and fate. May kindly advise.
output: Hi. My opinion is that you might be having a hemiparesis- i.e. weakness on one side of the body. This is usually a sign of an area in your brain that is not getting enough blood supply. With a history of dyslipidemia there is a possibility of a mild stroke or transient ischemic attacks. My advice is to have a brain scan to verify if there is no central lesion in the brain. Hope that helps.

input: Hello doctor good morning I had periods last 6 th august.due to oveebleeding and stomach tablets I taken some stomach pain tablets and doctor gave me birth pill.I taken only for 5 days and stopped.2 days I got my period and stopped.again 19 20 I got brown vainal discharge.25 26 27  we had intercourse the upcoming days I felt dizziness,headache,loss of appetite,frequent urination and vommiting sensation and I first got milky vaginal dicharge next day egg watery elastic discharge and yesterday watery discharge.today is my period date and I having no stomach pain.my vagina is dry.did am having delay in periods
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. This irregular intake of birth control pills has probably disturbed your cycle. This may be a delay in your periods or a new period date will set now. Nothing can be said for sure. Better to wait & see. Meanwhile, you may try home pregnancy tests after every few days until you start your period. Avoid irregular intake of hormonal pills in future to avoid period irregularities. Wish you good health.

input: Hi, I am trying to get pregnant for the last 7 months.my age is 36 years old. I have a 5 year old daughter. In October 2014, my TSH was 12. After taking levoflox(50mgm daily) my TSH is a bit suppressed -0.2My endo has told me to change dosage and take 50mgm every alternate day. All other tests ( T3and T4) are normal Could the fluctuating thyroid affects my conception.I have consulted a fertility specialist and all fertility test were normal(Tubal patency, pelvic scan , ovary function,Lsh level)But my partners Siemens analyses show total motility  at 27% and progressive motility at 4%.what can he do to increase motility and could this be causing problems with conceiving? Are there any other test you would recommend to check fertility-thanks
output: Hi thyroid levels do affect pregnancy chances. Get a repeat TSH done and prolactin levels too. Your husband can take some antioxidant prescribed by a doctor. Do a semen culture for your husband as sometimes infections may lead to decreased motility. You can try for ovulation induction with GUI. It will look be a good option for you considering your husband semen analysis.

input: Hello! Doctor, I ve been undergoing Psychiatric treatment since 2007 for the diagnosed Acute Depreciation & Anxiety. I m being treated with Ventab DXT 25, Macorate CR200, Wacalert 50 & Zapiz 1.00 whenever I feel more anxiety or seem not able to control my thoughts. Actually, this started in 1998 from Exam Phobia & was treated for same. Since then I ve been in & out on medication from time to time till 2007 from where there s consistency in medication & follow ups. Sutre, the treatment has helped me to stabilize over the period. I ve got married, have a small daughter, completed post graduation, MBA & also did certification in SAP FI. The doctor has been of great help to me. He was of opinion that I ve lesser coping capacity. And, that s not entirely wrong. His major concern has been my changing the job & settling in it. He s slowly started reducing power of drugs with powers mentioned above. But, it seems I ve developed dependency on these medicines. And, I want to stand on my own with my thought controlling me rather than medicines. In this blog, I read in answer to one patient, reference to Meditation, Self Motivation. Meditation or Yoga is okay for me since I ve learned it scientifically. I want to know about self motivation. Is there any specific resource available? How can I access it? Will I ever be able to overcome these feelings? or they ve become a part of my personality? I wish to live a life free of medication & complete self reliance. Able to communicate with myself, Be social, & grow in my career as well as financially. Cause, then only I ll not just be able to prove to myself but others as well. Humbly request you to reply as early as possible.
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Self motivation can be achieved through self hypnosis or Cognitive Behavior Therapy. You are doing well with your progress in life and treatment of your mental disorder. If you are trained in meditation and yoga, you are well off. You can do meditation to have positive metabolism effect and also teach your subconscious mind to control and divert your thoughts in accordance with what you want. Please understand you are doing well and that is the first step of self motivation. I will help you in the requested matters. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I just received my latest lipid panel results: Total Chol. 233, Triglyc. 75, HDL 51, LDL 167. My doctor is concerned about the LDL result but I read many articles about ratios between the numbers that are more important since they tend to differentiate "good LDL" vs. "bad LDL". Any comments to clarify? Thanks!
output: Hi, I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern regarding cholesterol levels. You have high LDL. LDL is bad cholesterol. It increases the risk of coronary heart disease. Same way HDL is good cholesterol its level 51 is optimal. But overall high LDL also increase the ratio of LDL to HDL. So it increases the risk. You should concern about your LDL cholesterol level. And you should start treatment accordingly. You can take Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions then you can ask me. I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: I have ben having pain under left breast , in my back left side and on and off threw the left arm. I had a stress test yesterday waiting on results and they said in e.r. my ekg, xray and bloodwork was good and they didn t think it was heart but ordered stress test to b sure. If its not the heart what could b causing all this?
output: Hello, If it is not the heart, the other possible causes of this type of pain are HERD, Gastritis, muscular pains and stress. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a swollen lymph node under mmy arm , I am a daily  meth user( (syringe ) the area is the size of a pecan , and this morning it began to seep . I drained as much as possible but I am feeling a little dizzy and I can tell me body is drained and I feel like I am stopped up in my ears now like a head cold I am lethargic and deeply concerned , I have penicillin from a friend but want to know if I should take them in regimin or go to doctor or emergency room .
output: welcome to Chat Doctor. I am here to assist you. Yes you need to meet doctor. As per your history you are having lymphadnitis. If you are stable no need to go to emergency room, you can meet your doctor on old basis. Meet your local doctor for settled check up and start taking treatment. Thank you take care

input: i have had a bladder infection was given cipro 250 mg for 7 days i was on the last pill and proceeded to experience severe pain and camping I was taken to hospital by friends and was give toreador and abuscapan as well as something for vomiting and saline solution. Finally went home after if could finally pee sent toreador and buscapan home with me that was on Sunday have been since until this morning woke up with sever back pain and leg pain i thought is was my vertebrae problem to i took a diclofenac and did go back to sleep now i have sever pain again although not in the same place as Sunday and chills and a headache The one doctor gave me 3 more days of cipro when ii went in to get the IV out another doctor gave me 5 days of macro bid it is not doing anything for me
output: Hi.noted history of gallbladder pathology. If it is secondary to gallstones and your symptoms are occurring frequently and increasing in severity, it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for physical examination and clinical evaluation. What you have is chronic cholecystitis, probably secondary to cholelithiasis (gallstones). The most important thing to take note here is that an elective or scheduled cholecystectomy has better post-operative outcomes and less risk of developing complications as compared to the one done emergently. Diagnostics (such as ultrasound, liver function tests, blood count, etc.) and management (medical and surgical) will be directed accordingly. Definitive treatment for gallstones is cholecystectomy or surgical removal of the gallbladder along with the stones. It can be done laparoscopically (gold standard) or through open technique. Low fat diet is also recommended. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: my urologist recently told me i have an enlarged prostate and low flow urination. he gave me 8mg rapaflo about 30 days ago, i take 1 pill before bedtime. now i noticed when i have sex i do not ejaculate, it feels like im orgasming for a second or two, but no ejacualate. is this related to the enlarged prostate? my next drs appt is in 3 weeks
output: Your medicine could be the cause for the problem. It would be better to change your medicine to some other medicines for your prostate. The prostate problem itself does not usually lead to ejaculation problems. Take care and feel free to ask us again if need be.

input: My daughter is 33 years old has 1 child and a bruise keeps coming back on the curve of her back in the same spot. Very painful. It appears about every two weeks and then she gets a kidney infection. This has been going on for about 8 years. She has seen just about every specialist...No one knows.
output: Dear User, Im not surprised of these symptoms. In fact, bacteremia is often preceded by lumbar pain. Then, fever comes. On the other hand, maybe there is some kind of primary or secondary vesicalureteral reflux, that can be studied by either contrast voiding cystourethrogram (CUG) or radionuclide histogram (RNC). Then, depending on the abnormality (if any) demonstrated by CUG, there are several solutions, both medical or surgical. Let me know,

input: My right shin has some red discoloration, feels bruised to the touch and when I stretch and some swelling. Has been this way for about three months. I have not hit my shin on anything. I am 53 years old and a female. I am currently on a 1200 calorie diet prescribed by my physician and have a trainer at the gym that has me on a workout program. The only meds I take are for my migraines. I have not brought this to my physician s attention at this time, but am starting to worry more about it. My son, who is a paramedic, says I should have it x-rayed or an MRI done. What say you?
output: Hi Persistent red discoloration on shin, of recent origin with hypersensitivity and swelling needs proper workup. Your paramedic son is right -you should undergo investigations like Blood counts, Sugar and an MRI to investigate the red discoloration on your shin.

input: sweating, shaking with fine hand tremors, has a flushed face, and rapid pulse. Appearance is neat but speech is rambling, at times incoherent. The client shrinks away at sudden movements & seems fearful. The client suddenly clutches his/her chest & drops to the floor.
output: It looks like the client is suffering from generalized anxiety disorder. Rapid heart rate and sweating due to activation of his sympathetic nervous system due to anxiety. He may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor. 

input: Female, noticed after riding my bike last night, lower left abdominal area located where what feels like right on top of left ovary, VERY tender to the touch or any pressure, flexing stomach or stretching out the stomach, stretching left leg or even taking a big breath.  I cannot sleep as it hurts all night no matter how I am positioned, standing up relieves some pain but not much.  I know I am not constipated.  Pain is a 7/10 at its worst.
output: Must be muscle pull of lower back causing pain in lower abdomen and legit will take 3-4 wk take muscle relextantlike Timurid MR take rest apply sensor ointment on local area for pain the muscle may take 3 - 4 wk to repair with med antacids and warm water to prevent constipation as it can increase pain

input: hi i have and have had upper adboniol pain, pain in between my rib cage and down put my ribs, now i am also having black stools when i use the bathroom. My doc told me i have ibs but its hasnt been bad for a couple weeks now and my stools have changed to black????
output: Start with the following:1. Capsule. Canton total twice daily (morning & Evening) 30 mins before food.2. Syrup. Algebra 10 ml twice daily after food. (If this causes loose stools, reduce to 5 ml two times a day)Both medicines for a week.3. Have bland district avoidance of alcohol, smoking, spicy and oily food. If symptoms persists, Consult a gastroenterologist.

input: i had fissure for 4 months now and is extremley painful.ive been given cream pain.some days standing is unbearable.i also take pain killers to and always make sure stools are soft by taking laxatives but still very painful for hours after.is there anything else i can try?sometimes i take iomium just so i get some relief and have to go somewhere.please help.im 42 cant work properly and like my life back.ive had mastectomy october and know my body trying to repair more than one thing.thankyou.
output: Hi, Rectal fissure is a difficult condition to treat. If you're getting relief with the current treatment please continue till you get complete relief. Mastectomy has no direct relation except constipation (due to bed rest and change of diet) which you will have to take care. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi im 14 and i have a small fairly hard lump behind my right ear like on the bone .. it is kind of pointy and i have it for over two years its not red or sore and it hasn t gotten any bigger.. i wasn t really ever worried about it until now when i realized that it could be a serious thing and i have started touching it a lot lately and one day it is about the size of a pea and the next it is smaller and then i start touching it like mad and it gets bigger again.. today i noticed that it seems to be lower than yesterday so i think it has moved a little.. do you know what it is and is it serious?
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for medical and physical examination. Based from your description, it could be a cyst (a sebaceous or a gelatinous type). These lesions can occur anywhere in the body and have the tendency to recur.  Management (medical and surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello. I m a 22 year old, male, college student. I get abdominal pain (like bloating ) if I concentrate intensely. The pain is more common while I m sitting and working/studying. The pain is also accompanied by moving sensations in my abdomen and gas. I have been having this trouble for the past 7-8 months. I went to a C.R.N.P but she could not diagnose anything specific. What could be wrong and what should I do resolve the problem? Thank you
output: Hi, Thanks for query, It seems that you might have some infection, bacterial or amoebic. Go for stool test. After report go for treatment accordingly. Take plenty of water, Avoid fried, chillies and junk food. Ok and bye.

input: Hi there, i have a very sore pimple on my nipple, it looks like a pimple only because it has become a small hole. the area where the pimple is has become sore, red and a little warm when i touch it. the side of my armpit hurts and also  sharp pains through to my arm. is this an infection? also i have breast implants under muscle.
output: Hello. Thank you for sharing your concern with us. It does sound like it might be an infection-the armpit hurting suggests that you might have some inflamed lymph nodes. The pimple that you are noticing now might have been there for a while and the small hole that you are talking about might be what is left of the pimple, which might have Chat Doctor.  I would suggest that you visit a doctor for a check-up and to have this problem looked into, especially since you have a breast implant. You might need some antibiotics to clear the infection, although the decision for antibiotics will be left at the discretion of your primary care physician. All in all, I think that it is better for you not to ignore the situation and to seek medical help with your primary care doctor. In most likelihood, it is just an infection and hopefully your symptoms will resolve with the appropriate treatment. I hope that my advice was helpful. Best regards

input: i have been having pains in my lower back, they have been coming and going for the last couple of days, and now i have been getting 2-3 sharp pains in my lower abdomen, Im worried that i have kidney stones because i drink a lot of tea, what should i do?
output: Hello, as you suspected it might be a kidney stone in any of the tract from kidney up to the bladder. I would suggest you to get a USG scan of abdomen to rule out any presence of stone anywhere in the urinary tract. I hope I have helped your question. Thank you

input: I m 39 and have been taking diovan for high blood pressure for 4 years. This past year I have gained about 30 pounds and I have had 2 or 3 episodes of high blood pressure. One example, I started having a headache after lunch and by 5pm I was at ER with 200/101. Doctors did several EKG s, blood work, stayed over night for stress test next morning, echocardio gram, xrays...etc. I followed up with cardiologist who suggested diet changes and recording BP. So now for about 3 months all has been good, but the last 2 days I am experiencing another episode . Headaches with 135/99 and 141/96. Could this be related to my menstrual cycle? I just ended this month s cycle. Just looking for answers that maybe could be related to something else.
output: Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I understand your concern and would explain that the headaches do not seem to be related to high blood pressure, as your actual blood pressure values are within the normal ranges or slightly elevated. In my opinion the headaches could be related to the menstrual cycle or tension type headache. For this reason, I would recommend trying acetaminophen or ibuprofen for the headaches. Regarding high blood pressure values, I would recommend trying to lose some pounds and perform a lot of physical activity in order to have lower blood pressure values naturally. Reducing salt and caffeine intake would also help. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes, 

input: I am a 31 year old female who just took a biopsey of the thyroid. Found 3.5cm mass and positive for papilary thyroid cancer . i have no insurance and can not afford to have the surgery to remove thyroid for at least 6 months. Is that too long to wait/
output: Dear papillary ca. of thyroid is a slow growing tumor, and curable. It is always better to start treatment rather waiting

input: two years ago i was diagnosed with deranged liver caused by drnkingi had a bloodtest  last week after not drinking beer for two weeks which gave the following results.SGOT/AST H 47...........SGPT/ALT.H 78do these figures suggest significant liver damage?
output: Thank you for posting query at Chat Doctor. Further evaluation needed.what's your age? Height? Weight?are you take any sort of medication?viral serology>?ultrasound abdomen. Anyhow, increase in the level of liver enzymes reflect an INJURY to the Liver. Medically, the condition is known as "Hepatitis". Its maybe due to viral infection, excess fat, gall stones, excess alcohol, excess iron, and so on. Virus and alcohol are most common. Slightly elevated should NOT be concerning but a level more than 2 times the upper limit should be evaluated. Did you get Herb and C viral serology?and get a "Lipid Profile" test. Liver enzymes take one to two months to return to normal.- abstinence from "Alcohol and Chat Doctor.  - use lemon juice (lemonade) once in a day-recheck liver enzymes after 4 weeks.- reduce weight if overweight wish you good health. Further queries are welcomed. Health professionals aim to diagnose properly and manage patients according to their limited knowledge. Cure is blessed by the ONE who Created us, whose power and knowledge is unlimited .wish you good health. Regards,

input: Hi, I m 51 yrs old male had a kidney transplant 3 yrs ago and I am diabetic. I suffer from flatulence so badly that I have winds stuck in my chest and back for days and it even affects my breathing. what can I use to alliviate the pains and break these winds / gas?
output: Hi, I understand your concern. You have Diabetic gastro-enteropathy as the main cause of your symptoms. Certain Chat Doctor. You must continue all your 

input: hi m a PCO women. this month on my day 14 i got a mature follicle of 1.7 and was given IVF500. then on my day 17 again i have a mature follice this time 2.1 again i receive an IVF500.m on duphaston also with metformin and folic acid.can i be pregnant this month?
output: Hi;welcome to Chat Doctor If you had mature follicles it means is the treatment you are takings working for you. Just hope for the best as nobody can tell beforehand whether you will be pregnant. Take care. Thanks

input: I had a broken tooth they had to do a root canal on.  Now the oral surgeon said the tooth on either side is dying.  They did a root canal on one and will probably do the other on Monday.  My concern is now a fourth tooth is feeling pain, the next one in line.  I wonder if I need to see an MD about nerve damage or bone issues.
output: Hello, I completely understand your concern about the toothache. Dental pain surely annoys you. Reading your question, I guess you have a high carries index which is why the dentist has suggested you for a root canal treatment. There would be a deep cavity in your tooth which is why you feel the pain. I do not suspect any bone or neurological damage. Get your dental x-ray done and depending upon the depth of the cavity, the doctor would suggest you to go in for a simple filling or a root canal treatment. The earlier you visit a dentist, the better it is ! Hope this helps. Take good care

input: I believe that I have a sinus infection.  I have a few pills from January last year when I had similar symptoms.  They are amox-clav 875-125.  I have five of these.  Is it ok to take them?  I originally was given 14 of these. I did take nine of them at that time.
output: Hello, Sinus infection is usually treated with a course of antibiotics and decongestant medications. Along with it, you need to take some supportive measures as well to get a quicker relief from the symptoms. Kindly take antibiotic course of Amox-Clav twice a day for 5 days. Along with it, you need to take decongestant medication containing Chlorpheniramine Male ate with Phenylephrine. You also need to take supportive measures like steam inhalation twice daily and doing salt water gargling with warm water twice daily. Kindly do not consume any cold items like cool Chat Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: HI, Ive had  my 3rd ivf cycle and have been using crinone gel, I have just found out Im pregnent but today I found alot of clumps of crumbly gel on my underwear. i have also been constipated and when I went to the toilet lots of the dried clumps came out.. PLs help, is this  normal??
output: Hello, it is common for the gel to come out with the mucus, but that is nothing to worrying case you have any questions in future you can contact me directly on http://bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I have a really tiny wart on my pointer finger. I m not sure if it s even a wart, it s that small. Smaller than a pencil eraser. I performed oral sex on my boyfriend last night, without thinking about this tiny thing on my finger. Should we be concerned about HPV or anything? I am 26 years old and have had all of the HPV vaccines as a teenager.
output: Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious disease specialist, answering your concern. It is unlikely to have you HPV on your finger because you have taken all the vaccines of HPV. Glad to answer your further concern. We wish you the best health at Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorIf you are satisfied with my answer rate me as five star and close the answer

input: I always feel light headed like Im going to pass out feel like there is pressure in ears and the doctor says there is no ear infection or fluid the vein right behind my ear lubes feel as if it is swelled... One doctor says it could be tmj another says vertigo.... It just started 3 months ago ... I dont feel the room as a spinning affect but more like Im just light headed and going to pass out
output: Hi!welcome to Chat Doctor! Lightheadedness however is a common complaint in people having low blood pressure. When the blood pressure is too low, not enough oxygen-rich blood is being delivered to the brain, and its function can be affected. Low blood pressure may be the result of an underlying illness or disease, or it may be a normal physiologic condition. Some common reasons for low blood pressure include Anemia and deny Chat Doctor. Laryngitis can also cause fullness in ears and lightheadedness, but your doctor has already examined you and said there is no ear infection. Get your blood pressure and hemoglobin checked. Hope this helps you! Take care!

input: Hi Doctor, I have a mild tooth ache from last 4-5 months, i consulted a doctor and she said i need to operate my wisdom tooth as it is not in the proper position and needs to be taken out. The wisdom tooth on both the sides are in same inclined position but i have pain on only right side. This is creating a gap in between chew and wisdom teeth and causing cavity. Is it necessary to operte it or can it be done with filling and medicines?
output: Hi thanks for the query, As your wisdom teeth is not properly aligned and is causing pain, so extraction is advisable. Wisdom teeth are supposed to be the extra teeth which serve no role. So better consult your dentist for extraction of it because taking painkillers and antibiotics is not the definitive treatment. Maintain oral hygiene. Take care

input: I have been having mild tooth discomfort for a while behind my right back molar but this morning i woke up in a lot of pain. i felt like my gum was so swollen that it was about to cover up my back tooth. I gargled salt water and took some Tylenol and a little bit later a pocket of fluid like pus busted. It was yellow and tasted terrible. If i had an a gum abscess and the pocket of fluid busted do i still need to see a dentist or did the problem fix itself?
output: Hi, Thanks for asking the query, Tooth pain along with swelling indicates infection of the tooth that had spread to the periapical tissue leading to abscess formation. This abscess is Chat Doctor. If the abscess is 

input: more than 6 months ago i attempted to donate plasma. when the blood was being put back, i was in such pain. the lady told me some pain may occur but after screaming in pain another woman came over and took the needle out. my vein had been ruptured and all the blood had just been distributed into my arm. the blood bank told me i would be fine and to not lift anything heavy. for months my arm was every shade possible. they kept on saying it was typical and that i was fine but now im having difficulty moving my arm after a long day of movement. i dont know what to do
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Such incidents never happens in blood or plasma transfusion. It is unusual incident that has happened to you. There is no treatment available for the blood being on the hand. It will be Chat Doctor.  But please do not stress the hand by weight lifting and other such condition. Please maintain good hygiene as it can prevent the infection. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/

input: My doctor wants me to take a pregnancy test just 12 days past ovulation and 24 days since day one of my period. If I don t do ivf this month I ll have to wait an additoinal month and risk not getting insurance coverage for another cycle since I ll be 44 in April. Is it safe to do a blood test this early and have it be reliable? Oh also my periods used to be 25 days before I had two iuis and one ivf , the last two months they have been 30 day cycles.
output: Yes only blood test can tell so early that you are pregnant or not.  UPT becomes positive Only after the missed period.  So go for it.

input: Hello, I hit my tibia pretty hard 4 days ago which left a small not very deep scratch. I iced it 2 days and most of the swelling went down. its still very sore though (expected) and I noticed if I push down on any part of skin along my tibia a indent occurs and stays. . should I go get this checked out?
output: Hello It will be better to consult an Orthopaedician, and he may advise you to go for a X-ray. In mean time leg elevation, ice packs & analgesics.

input: Hi! Im 27. We are married last 2011. We tried to get me pregnant about 2 months but no success till my husband left to work abroad. He came back and we tried but still no success. Iam a 33 days cycle and i mestruate every month. We consulted an obgyne she putted me on ovamit for 5days. Hubbys sperm count is normal. Do i have the abilty to conceive? And if theres a possibility to menstruate but no ovulation at all? Help! Thanks
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Not getting pregnant within two months of regular contact is not a big thing to be worried. If you are not able to conceive even after 6 months of regular contact then you need to go for investigations.  It is possible to have occasional ovulatory cycles in spite of you having regular periods. The frequency of sex during these two months also matters. Ultrasound examination for follicular study during the expected ovulatory period will reveal the presence of ovulation. Other factors like tubal block, cervical factors, Congenital anomalies, hormonal factors and immunological factors are to be investigated to find out the causes for infertility if you have not conceived even after 6 months. Wish you best of luck.  Chat Doctor. Morgan

input: Today early morning my wife take more sleeping tablet. its for my moms tab. The tablet name is risperidone tab 2mg & imiz -2 . she take each 8 tab. i m given some salted water. then she take vomit. but she getting sleepy and very tired. what i do next treatment.
output: Hello, She needs to be sent to the hospital for at least two reasons. One is that she will need good monitoring to rule out poisoning and serious problems related to this. She may have ingested even a higher number of tablets. The second reason is related to possible suicidal ideas, plans and actions. She may be having severe depression which may be causing her suicidal attempts. This is an emergent situation and needs prompt and fast intervention. I hope this answers your query. I remain at your disposal in case further medical assistance is needed.

input: 3 days ago I had a severe allergic reaction. I was eating grapes, apples etc from a Starbucks protein pack. All foods that I eat regularly. Following the allergic reaction I have felt fluish, with a headache, heartburn fatigue and nausea caused by strong sense of smell. Urine is also darker than usual Am not pregnant. 45 yr old female.
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Allergic reactions can manifest in different ways, most commonly as skin rashes though abdominal symptoms can occur in some persons. Heartburn does not normally occur with allergies but in reflux which can also be associated with nausea. To determine if you are allergic to the fruits that you were using, you should consider an allergy test. This can be in the form of blood tests or skin prick testing. If the tests show that you are allergic to one or more of these then you would need to eliminate them from your diet. I hope this helps

input: I am 23 years old and i had transvaginal ultrasound for follicle maturation(dated 8 march 2011). my report is :para 0+0, The uterus is anteverted & normal size, measuring 6.2x2.4x3.6cm, The endometral thickness is approx 1.1cm, Right Ovary measuring: 3.3x2.4cm(Showing multiple follicles). Largest follicle measuring 1.2x1.0cm. Left Ovary: Left ovary measuring: 3.0x2.0cm(Showing multiple follicles). Largest follicle measuring 1.7x1.7cm. No adnexal mass & no free fluid seen in cul-de-sac. IMPRESSION: Mature follicles seen in left ovary. please tell me my report is ok or not.one year ago i married but no babby why i have any problem in my report please advice me if my report is ok tell me any advice for my husbant. if any english mistake in above mention detail please correct.i am waiting for your kind and soon reply.
output: So far the report seems to be normal as far as the development and maturation of the follicles is concerned. Now you have to keep a watch on when the follicle ruptures and the ovum is released. On that day, plan your intercourse to increase the chances of fertilization. If the follicle does not rupture, then probably your Gynecologist will give you an injection for the ovulation. Have intercourse the very next or same day of the injection. What about the rest of investigations like patency of the tubes, thickness of uterine lining, husbands sperm count, etc. Please keep me informed so that I can guide you further. You can contact me directly also, or through elite question.

input: I have a knot inmy right upper quadrant.  it is firm and causing no pain.  I am a white female, 55 and 180 in generally good health with a history or ovarian tumors taken care of by hysterectomy 10 years ago. My CA125 has been wnl since  hysterectomy. I am a rare to never drinker
output: Hi. This looks to be lipoma as this is not painful, and you do not have any other symptoms. You have to undergo a proper clinical examination to be done by a Doctor who can catch many of the problems on your proper history and physical examination and can then guide for further investigations and treatment.

input: hello doctor, recently i did torch results . they are showing rubella IgG antibodies 146 positive, CMV Igg antibodies positive 114, and HSV IgG antibodies positive 30 . so i am asking that the test results can be this much more and also or can be the test results false also. at present i am not pregnant so i can i get the therapy and evn i have put rubella vaccine then also the test result can how come be positive
output: Hi dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You can take treatment for rubella. You can take tobramycin. Since it is a prescription based medicine you should consult your doctor and take it according to his advice. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hello Doctor,My daughter is 1 year 3 months old.She is having cold and cough.She is prescribed with mucolite,allegra and azithral.Azithral has been prescribed for 3 days-5ml once in a day,allegra and mucolite 2ml both thrice a day for 5 days.Please advice
output: Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Cough and cold are viral 95% of the times in child Chat Doctor.  For cold, you can use anti-allergics like cetirizine and for nose block, saline nasal decongestants will do. Paracetamol can be given in the dose of 15 mg/kg/dose (max ceiling dose 500 mg) every 4-6th hourly, that too only if fever is more than 100F. I suggest not using combination medicines for fever, especially with Paracetamol. For cold, you can use Cetirizine at 0.25 mg/kg/dose every 12 hourly for 3 days. For nasal block, plain saline nasal 

input: I am a 38 year old female with an ileostomy due to Crohns ...i have recently been sick with a stomach virus.I went to the doctor and my potassium level was a 3.2 i am weak ,having problems with my nerves,and dizzy. He gave me potassium pills but i know they did not dissolve properly ...what should i do ?
output: Workup should be done to investigate the cause of your weakness. Serum electrolytes, and not just Potassium, should be requested. Also, blood sugar and. Other parameters should also be done as to investigate on the cause of your weakness. And proper management and treatment should follow.

input: Hi, I feel like I have air bubbles in my chest...  I find relief when I switch positions, but it comes back.  Ive also felt discomfort in my left arm and Im feeling very sluggish...  Im 36 years and im a little worried it could be my heart.  could it?  ive checked my pulse and its been normal...
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should first rule out cardiac diseases for your symptoms. So get done ECG, 2d echo and stress test (trade mill test). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes gaseous distention can also give air bubbles sensations in chest. So take pantoprazole and levosulperide combination twice daily on empty stomach.Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, I am very worried as I had my first icsi 14 days ago, 3 day embryo. Was good quality the embryologist said. I just realised that I have dark brown green ish discharge , I had white discharge since embryo transfer all day every day till now?? I don t know is that a bad sign? My test is on Friday, I had mild cramps since the transfer and for last 3 days head aches. I don t have any period ache, normally I am in agony every month. Is there a chance that still everything could be ok? I am 31, had 11 eggs , one week injections , Regards Maggie
output: Hello, Thanks for the query. Your symptoms of spotting per vagina with pain abdomen is something to be concerned about. Get an Ultrasound abdomen done to rule out early chances of miscarriage/ sub chorionic hemorrhage. Don't worry you still have chances of continuation of pregnancy. Studies have shown that 50% women with first trimester spotting continue their pregnancy and deliver a healthy child. Take care, Chat Doctor. 

input: I just came from the Oral Surgeon and he examined me for a small (no pain) smooth white spot in the vascular ducts on the underside of my tongue. He advised me to just continue to watch it and return in 3 months for reevaluation. I am trying to recall the name that he used to identify this spot. (something like Phibolist) He said it was a calcium deposit similar to a kidney stone. Do you possibly know the name of this stone?
output: Sialoliths may be the name mentioned to you. Have you been told that your salivary gland duct is blocked? Calcium deposits under the tongue are not uncommon. Your salivary flow is important to the health of your mouth. Salivary flow reduction can cause Chat Doctor.  Wharton's Duct is located under the tongue. You can try to stimulate the flow of saliva by sucking on something sour such as a lemon. Increased flow can push out calcium deposits and prevent the need for surgical removal. A Phlebolith, by definition, is a calcification in a vein or blood vessel. Vascular malformations may present with these. Sometimes, although present at birth, these may become prominent or increase later in life.  Swelling may become evident. The phlebitis may be seen on an x-ray. Additional studies including ultrasound and MRI may be required to determine vessel involvement. Hematomas are common with swelling, but less common with a phlebolith association in the mouth.

input: I am pregnant and have been noticing mucous in my stools sometimes. I ve had constipation but tonight after eating Spanish food i had to go to the toilet immediately. There was a strong odour to my stools and i noticed white curled strings in the faeces as well. It was not moving, but im worried it could be worms!
output: HI. Speak to your doctor about this, and also try and purchase a sterile container from any medical store or grocery store and collect a sample of what you saw when you pass it once again (if?). Deposit this sample to a medical center for a stool analysis. Best wishes.

input: My daughter is 6 years old and she has been wetting herself in school everyday. I ve talked to her, restrict her beverage intake to nothing after 8 pm, and sometimes she is dry in the morning and sometimes she is wet. What else should I do to keep this from happening?
output: HI your child may be having a problem referred as Incontinence because she had daytime wetting also according to your history. Having intermittent bed-wetting can be there in 2-5% of the child Chat Doctor. But, please consult a pediatric nephrologist /urologist as it needs more history and examination to pinpoint the cause. Happy to help you further if you can elucidate the complaint further as I will be treating these complaints in my clinic. Thanks

input: Hi, My mother had normal head and torso size but her legs and arms were disproportionally small and her thumbs were clubbed. I heard there are several types of dwarfism. Would she be categorized under one of them? My email address is YYYY@YYYY . Thank you
output: Hello, Consult an orthopedic and get evaluated. Detailed evaluation is required. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello sir, my name is ana. I have a brother who is mild mental retard and getting seizure often even after taking medication. We consulted a doctor when he was 10 year boy. They took scan and tests and told us he got calcification on brain. Now his age is 27, he is getting seizure often even after taking prescribed medicine dicorate er 500, oxepin 300, frisium 10 mg,quitipin.. What I can do further to know his current health condition
output: Your brother is having structural epilepsy with multiple Chat Doctor.  Presently he is taking tab sodium valproate which can cause jaundice. So monitors got and Sept level. Frisian contains Cloacae and oxen contains oxcarbazepine.  Long run use of lol these 

input: I was told I have kidney stones. this was a shock to me due to the fact I have no symptoms. I went to get an ultra sound because under my ribs was hurting bad and I had a lot of weight loss. They are having me strain my urine and all I see are little black things that look like splinters. what is going on
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, I can understand your anxiety. An ultrasound scan can detect stones in the kidney. A CT scan can accurately detect the stones on a plain film. An urine routine may give an indication of possibility of a stone. You need to get following blood tests done, in view of weight loss :1. Blood routine, RBS,LFT, creatinine and platelets.2. Fasting blood lipid profile, free T4 and TSH. You may send the reports here for an expert opinion.

input: Hi Doctor, What does hb level 5 indicates in blood . I ve been taking Ferro-f-tab (which contains elemental iron 100 mg & folic acid 350 mg) twice a day for the last two months. Does not seem to be helping me much. are there any MD doctors in Australia who can help? Could increase in dose of these tabs help or some injections or tonic. Thanks.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Thank you for your query. A Hemoglobin level of 5, indicates anemia. The Ferro-f-tab has been prescribed to correct this. But in clinical practice a hemoglobin level of 5 would require blood transfusion for proper correction. Iron tablets do help, but usually take a long period of time and are mostly prescribed when there is border-line anemia. I suggest you discuss the possibility of a blood transfusion with your medical care provider. I hope I have succeeded in answering your questions, you could write back to us anytime for further clarifications. Best wishes.

input: sir i am very depressed ... my age is 17.. i have left doing hand pravtice.. and now i have controlled on me.. but my scrotum and kidney have become  very weak.. what shoul i do..?? i cant tell it to my parents i m afraid.. plz suggeest me a helpful answer,.... pleaasssee..
output: Hi, I think you should see a physician, or you can use ask a doctor option, what you explain weakness in kidney and scrotum is hard to understand, amAre you getting problem in erection??? Any pain??? Pain during micturition???It's difficult to get your quarry, And never hide problems from parents they are always their for you because prevention is better than cure. Hope this information helps.

input: Hello, Im 31 years old, i did 3 times SGPT test, the first time it was 88 , second 99 and 3rd time 126.In my test only the SGPT is high and all the other result are very gd, i drink slchool once or twice per month, but always before 15 days i dont drink alchool, i drink a lot of water, but i was so stresses at work for a while. I dont take any type of medicines, i dont smoke . most of my food are healthy, Can u plz advise what to do to reduce the SGPT level to the normal? And what i need to eat, what type of vegetables is advisable to eat and now im doing sports exercises each day, i have hg 1.71 mtr , wt 77, thank you
output: Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. SGPT or alpine aminotranferase (A L T) is primarily found in liver. The normal value of A L T is 5-50 I U. In your case as this level is progressively increasing. Your food is healthy, and you are doing regular exercise that's a good thing. In my opinion get in ultrasound of liver with M R I so that exact reason of elevation of A L T (SGPT) can be found out. Consult a gastroenterologist and get his opinion as diet alone will not be able to cure this level. Good luck. 

input: i am 24 years old.. my height is 5 feet 8 inches and my weight is 63kgs. i hav recently observed small bump on the penis and four bumps around the pubic area. it does not pain,no rash or blister is seen but it itches sometimes. can u tell me what the problem is and which doctor should i consult???
output: Greetings Very difficult to comment without seeing pictures. If it is itching you need to rule out fungal infection. Or else it could be multiple sebaceous cysts on the scrotum. You need to consult a skin specialist. Hope my answer helps you. Regards

input: hello sir, My granpa is sufferring from Cancer, there is a lump in his throat & he has a lot of difficulty in eating food. in fact now adays he is just taking semi solid khichdi and milk. doctors in  govt hospital told us that his cancer is at advance stage and now well have to take him to SUFDURJUNG HOSPITAL in delhi. but i saw that there is no facility for cancer treatment in that hospital however there is one in the AIIMS just opposite to that.. please advise what shuld I do?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He may have esophagus cancer.  If it is advanced stage then surgery is not possible.  Treatment of choice remains chemotherapy and radiotherapy.  For that you should go to fully equipped hospital with all facilities.  You can go to AIMS hospital or other and start treatment as early as possible. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Arm tingling and numb,,little spider veins showing up above bicep, below rotator cup I have lifted heavy weights all winter and noticed just at the top of my right arm bicep little bluish spider veins that are continuing to expand around the area. my right hand and arm keep tingling and losing feeling as if e somewhere. ust woke up this morning with right arm numb and and feels like that arm alone has just been through a workout like it feels puffed and is also a darker color as if there is no good amount of oxygen getting to the arm or the blood flow is being cut off by a pinched nerve. But why are these little bluish purple veins showing up just below my rotator cup at the top of my bicep and seeming to spread every day I look at it?
output: Hi don't worry about vein as its normal. After some days of exercise or other work chance of change in size, position of vein is there. Normally they change its position .when u have good muscle mass, they need more oxygen so more deoxygenated blood in vain, so they look like more prominent

input: hi im 16 and my girlfriend is 14 and we had sex for the first time about a month ago few days after her period ended and we had sex 2 more times after that and we used condoms in all of the time and yesterday she told me that she didnt got her period yet and that she is late 5 or 6 days can you give a answer for that please we are freaking out!
output: Hello, First, having sex within 5 days after ending period is very much safe but using condom has near about 14% failure rate. Though, it depends on fertile period or ovulation time. On the other hand, 1-7 days period date alteration is normal thing and mostly occurs due to hormonal imbalance and stress/ mental upset. Therefore, I suggest her to wait at least 7 days to get normal period and if she does not get it, then she must undergo one home pregnancy test initially and later one blood test for beta-ChatDoctor to confirm or exclude pregnancy. Following test reports, consult with your doctor for next line of management. In the meantime, she must take balanced diet, avoid stress, Chat Doctor.  Be well & always practice safe sex.

input: I easily forgot what I have done.
output: So many things are needed to point out the exact reason of forgetfulness like age, h/o head injury, Chat Doctor. 

input: I have had MGUS for two years, with mildly high calcium levels, also two painless lumps for two years in lymtph nodes in my groin, I have had a lytic lesion on my humerus in my left arm and recently, three weeks ago developed a golf sized lump on my forearm bone which is mildly painful. My doctor put the arm lump off as a bone spur but she did not have my medical records yet and didnt know I have had MGUS for years, Do you think this is anything I should have biopsied?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  If you have mugs from many years and recently develop lytic lesion and some lump then you have very high chance of developing multiple myeloma.  You should go for protein electrophoresis and biopsy of lump. If needed also go for bone marrow examination.  Then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Hi I have went to the doctor because Im trying to conceive and Ive got sad news that my eggs are not releasing. I would like to know if I should give up the hope of becoming a mom or is there hope that there is something that I can do that will guarantee me that I will get pregnant. And also is my condition a very bad one?
output: Hi, Thanks for the query.  I have read & understood your query.  POD is a menstrual problem where ovulation is disturbed & so the menstrual cycle remains nonambulatory & irregular, thus posing a problem in conception.  This problem is seen more frequently these days being mainly a problem due to lifestyle changes.  * Still you need not worry, its methodical management can reduce its bad effects like infertility/ diabetes etc. To start with detailed physical examination / investigations (CBC, Thyroid function tests, USG with ovulation study, hormonal estimation, insulin resistance test)The treatment plan is then decided - - Weight reduction (regular exercises/ low calorie diet, are advised. A small amount of weight loss can correct the hormonal imbalance. Leaving smoking helps.  - Hormonal imbalance can be controlled with Cyclical oral contraceptives.  - Medicines like Metformin, Camphene are tried to stimulate ovulation - If nothing helps, surgical Chat Doctor.  * For this you should approach a gynecologist & after pathological tests.  Follow her instructions. You will get positive results.  Thanks.

input: Hi I have joint hypermobility syndrome and I was playing volleyball and landed with my foot enverted it hurts really bad to walk on but the only swelling is a lump on the side of my ankle, no bruising at all. Is there a problem with it that it s not swelling right or did I just not Hurt it that bad?
output: Hello, You are at a high risk for ligament and tendon injury. It is better to consult an orthopedic and plan for an MRI scan for further assessment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have had a head cold then a chest cold couple day break then the cold came back. Then flu symptons for over a week along with the cold. Most of the past three weeks,along with all this, I`ve had a stong pain coming and going in my right lung. The pain also goes into my back. It causes heartburn and alot of pain. I`m a smoker but have only had 3 cigs in the past week. I seem to be getting better other than a slight cold but the pain is still there. What are your thoughts?
output: Your symptoms suggest that you might be suffering for a chest infection with reactive collection of fluid around the lungs. Get a X-ray chest done and visit your doctor fir further treatment.

input: I had a mitral valve repair in July of 2009. Last Wednesday at my annual physical my PCP said I had an abnormal EKG ( he said it showed a possible problem with the right side of my heart ). I have felt pressure in my chest especially when I exercise & just a little bit when at rest for about the last 6 weeks which I ignored until my EKG result. I have an appointment with my cardiologist in 9 days. What do you think are the possibilities? Thank you in advance for your thoughts.              Howard Watt
output: Hello, More and exact information about the status of mitral repair and the right heart will be available as we get a 2 D echocardiography done. The cause of the same depends on the reason why mitral valve repair was done. Generally the possibilities are 1) Higher lung pressure causing right valve leak, dilatation or decreased pumping 2) The repair has lived its time as its 7 years, and the disease might have progressed 3) Any new mitral disease 4) In previous era, tricuspid valve was not repaired even if it had moderate to severe disease considering its self healed after mitral repair.  So the same may have progressed 5) Fall in function of left beret post mitral repair. There can be Hun Chat Doctor.  The treatment for the same is based on etiology. Regards 

input: HI I have a 9month old son he s had a bad cough for 2weeks plus I took him to the doctors 2 weeks ago they said his chest was clear however I went back on friday due to him starting to throw back food and they issued him with amoxycillin due to having a noisy chest on one side. I have fed him toast today but isn t interested really in eating but its hard trying to get fluids into him so tried him with soup tonight, he ate it then immediately afterwards threw up he has done this the past 3 nights. Is there anything I can give him which will help him get over this??? Or what foods are good for him to try keep his strength up?? He also has a small hard lump on his chest bone which looks like a bruise could this be due to his coughing or could it be he s been trying to crawl continously??
output: Dear parent, It seems your child is suffering from respiratory infection. He is unable to eat because of mucus he is ingesting. He cannot spit. This mucus is sticky so it doesn't pass ahead in intestine, because of small human. And then child vomits out. Try feeding him after he is relieved. Give him soup, milk, fruit, rice or whit ever he is interested in eating right now. Keep nebulizing him with plain water. He may pass frequent sticky motions as well. Keep in touch with the prescribing doctor for infection part.

input: Hello Im 15 weeks pregnant and iv been having green poop I did have some cranberry juice and I eat still oatmeal with black berries and cranberries in it can this make my poop green I also have had my gall bladder removed and only take a folic acid pill
output: Hello dear, welcome to Ask a doctor service. I reviewed your query and here is advised. No cranberry juice nor oatmeal or black berries cause green stools. Green stools are caused when your food passes rapidly through your system with some undigested fibers. Also, a diet rich of fibers as yours may cause green stools. Nothing to worry about. Hope I have answered the question. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My Mom abuse my Dad and my dad taking care of my Mom like dressing, food etc. But she abuse my dad when he sits idle. Moroever if I back my dad she is more agressive and feels like someone has done some black magic to her. She is at the age of 67Years. Please advice
output: Sellotaped on the details you have given I feel your mother is having a condition called as psychosis.  And what she is experiencing is one of the symptoms of psychosis.  I advise you to take her to a psychiatrist for consultation.  After that they will advise you're regarding further management. Regards

input: Hello my name is Tom, and at 5:38am  on July 30th (today) I woke up with pains in my lower chest/ upper, and middle belly area, and I started to freak out. I looked up symptons of apendicitis and some of them are loss of apetite, nausea, belly pain... I have these three. I was just wondering if there was any worry, my mom said that its just a stomach ache and that it will pass, but ive never had a stomach like this before. The time right now is 6:27am.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you are mostly having acute gastritis because appendicitis is much more severe. So take pantoprazole tablet on empty stomach twice daily. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food.  Chat Doctor.  Your symptoms will definitely improve. If not improving in 2-3 days then get done ultrasound abdomen to rule out appendicitis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I just had an ekg as a preoperative test.  It shows that I have a probable left atrial abnormality.  I have been diagnosed in years past with MVP and possible PVC issues.  Could todays test be a reflection of those problems or do you think it may be another problem?
output: Hi Charles those are the reflections of your Mitral valve prolapse. As MVP cause mitral regurgitation which on long term lead to dilated Left Atrium. I wish you Good Health

input: I am 27 old man, i have dry skin & dermographism. I have fungal growth in groin area past from one month i am suffering this . After scratching in that area produces little sweat(wetness) in that area ? There is a black patches also. This is the first time. Please help ?
output: Hi treatment for fungal infection is need to use antifungal treatments that are applied directly to your skin in the infected area. There are some steps you can take to prevent fungal skin infection. You should: Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, Doctor, I am a healthy male of 50 yrs of age leading an active life as well as active sex life. About 5 yrs ago i remained without sex for about 20 days as i was abroad and on return one night after intercourse my wife discovered blood particles in my semen. Next day i visited my doctor and he had got all the clinical as well as pathological examination done, i also visited a urologist and after discussing my reports jointly they came to the conslusion that there in notinh serious and i was adviced to increase my sexual activities for some days and have to observe regularly about the presence of blood. Surprisingly the quantity of blood got reduced with each intercourse and after about one week it was clear. I was advised to remain sexually active or you can say not to put a big gap i.e. 10-15 days, if it happens i have been advised masturbation. After 5 years it happened again under the same circumstances. Is it a signal of a serious problem or is it a normal thing. Pl advise.RA
output: HelloThanks for query. You had blood in semen (Hematospermia) during sexual intercourse following abstinence for 3 weeks and was investigated thoroughly to detect the cause for same which turned out to be inconclusive, Normally during long period of abstinence there is stagnation of semen and sperms in reproductive organs (Epididymis, seminal vesicle, ejaculatory ducts etc.) resulting into congestion of these organs. Sudden release of pressure and congestion of these organs during first intercourse after incontinence causes what is called as rebound bleeding giving rise to Hematospermia.There's nothing to be worried about it. It is a normal phenomenon. Practice regular sex at least thrice a week to avoid such situation to recur again.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi my name is Bryan, I want to know what it means when you hear a pulse in the head and stomach? I am asking this because I have had this stomach pains for a while now and I ve been having headaches . Starting Monday I got dizzy and just yesterday it felt even worse. I ve never felt this way before? Every time I eat I feel like throwing it up but I don t and I just can stop thinking about it and when I try to workout I get lightheaded? I hate feeling like this I don t know what to do. I just felt like going to the doctor yesterday but I couldn t. I know I sleep okay but when I wake up it starts all over again. All I can tell you is that I didn t feel like this last year, just the stomach pains. I recently went to see a doctor last month because I had epiyditimitis and it went away and I could have told the doctor my problems but I didn t. If you think you can answer this for me I ll be sure to talk to a doctor personally thank you.
output: allergic sinuses causing symptomps of head and post nasal  ChatDoctor. 

input: I am 60 yrs. old and have a dr. appt. tomorrow. BP is 170 110 pulse 83. I am presently not on any medication. Will I be ok until tomorrow. Having circulation problems in my legs and hands also which causes blisters. Can I do some breathing exercises to help with my stress
output: Hello, I have gone through your query. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Breathing exercise may help you reduce stress but BP of 170/110 certainly needs medication. You need exact diagnosis of your circulatory problems, Please consult physician early and start medication as per his guidance, My best wishes Chat Doctor. 

input: Doctor I am a patient of diabetes type 2 and am a thyroid patient too. Can I become pregnant? Is there any risk in it? What is it and please tell me the remedy to it also.
output: Hi, Thanks for query, There is no doubt that you can be pregnant. Keep diabetes and thyroid under complete control medicines regularly. Consult you oust and discuss you case. Ok and bye.

input: Hi I got my wisdom tooth extracted about 2 weeks ago the extraction has healed but I can feel tiny hard lump with my toungue on the side of the extraction on the inner side of my mouth. its white and when I touch it with my finger it feels hard like a tooth or bone. Is this normal and if it is a piss of tooth will it come out on its own or will I need to get it surgical removed?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. Since you had an extraction of tooth, that tiny lump can be some bones edge or protrusion. In order to rule out remaining tooth fragment, I suggest you visit your dentist once and get a radiograph done. If it's a bony protrusion, it can be smoothened with a bone file. A tooth fragment (chances of which are minimum) can be judged according to position, if it requires intervention or will resort. Hope the answer helps. Thank you!

input: I have had a serious history of ankle sprains and have undergone two ankle ligament reattachment surgeries and have still been experiencing weakness and pain and last night had a pretty severe sprain again. It swelled pretty large, especially around the back and front of the ankle and now has gone down a little in swelling although still somewhat swollen and is fairly constant pain. I ve been icing today but do I need to see a doctor for x-rays, exam etc. ?
output: Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms seem to be related to a X-ray of the ankle to exclude a fracture. Meanwhile, I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Ibuprofen to relieve the pain. I also suggest using cold compresses for local application. If the pain continues, I suggest seeing an orthopedist for further evaluation. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor. 

input: I was given a prescription for Citalopram 10 mg.. I read some information about it and now I am very leary of taking it. I hesitate to take any type of mind altering drug and I feel that this falls in that category. My father has dementia and as a precautionary measure, I am going throught the analysis testing for potential problems. After 2 short session of memory testing, the drug was prescribed. I just dont feel good about the early prescribing. What are your thoughts?
output: Dear friend,I am 

input: I am having major pain in shoulders, neck and the back of my head. To the point where any movement almost brings me to tears. I am working and coping. But when I just bend down to pick something up or look in a direction where my neck doesn t want to turn it is very painful and I just can not continue doing the task. I have been going to PT getting massage, strength trainig and such. But I really feel it s coming from the back of my cranial traveling down my neck to my shoulders and downward. Any thoughts? Should I get a MRI?
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. As after your history, I will advise to undergo an MRI of the cervical spine as the status of the soft tissue is must. Massage is strongly not recommended as you are doing all mixed up stuffs. Doing strengthening also and massage also will only make the muscle weaker. Also, just by mere working behind the blindfold treatment, I will advise to first take the MRI, and based on that, the combination of medication and physical therapy will work better. The physical therapist you choose, should know there is a difference between the patient to patient and symptoms to symptoms. A specialized plan for you should make a difference. Applying a conventional way of therapy will surely not function to the optimum. As, in my clinical practice I have seen cases with 100% recovery, but prior to that, the MRI, and the or tho prescription is understood for the pharmacokinetics of the Chat Doctor.  As this allows me to design a better physical therapy prescription and get 100% recovery. Slow and steady wins the race - this is our clinic principle. I wish to see you soon, with pain free lifeRegardsJay In

input: Hi, I am 30 years old, had my gall bladder removed 2 years ago prior to that lost 26kg eating right and exercising. (My weight was 100kg)Since removal I cant lose a thing, have gained 4kg in 3 months still eating right and exercising. I was prescribed duromine by  my doctor twice which took off 2-3 kgs but it always came right back on. I am wondering if my liver could be the cause of my problem, I gain weight around the stomach. I am really depressed over the gain and nothing I do works
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  It appears that there is change in the lipid metabolism, after the surgery. Now you may have to give some more activity in burning the fats.  Minimize the sleeping time, and avoid sleeping day time.  Avoid taking fats, calories,and oily foods.  Take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.

input: My son has a ring of a rash on his left cheek, it doesn t seem to be bothering him, there has been a case of slapped cheek at his nursery. my concern was that we were with my pregnant friend this afternoon and if he was at all contageous she would need to know.
output: Hi, I hope he is not having a fever and rash all over the body. If the rash is limited to one particular area then no need to worry. It may be due to superficial fungal infection. That can be treated with a topical antifungal cream. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: can a kidney stone in my right kidney be irritated by my golf swing and cause me to experience gross hematuria? Every time I play, hit balls at the range or just take a few swings for the monitor I pass blood in 24 hours. Then it goes away in a day or so. The stone is only 2mm. My urologist and internist don t seem to be concerned. Just let the stone pass. It s been 2 months and I m not aware of it passing. I have no pain. Just a sore lower back due to what I believe are my 3 herniated discs. Yet, sometimes my side/back aches during this bleeding.
output: Hello2 mm calculus is unlikely to cause hematuria(blood in urine). It is important to investigate other reasons like urinary tract infection(UTI), tumour etc. It is important to know your age. You need proper clinical examination and further investigations. Investigations include routine hologram, random blood sugar, urine RE/ME, renal function test. CT scan and endoscopic examination can be done if needed. Proper treatment depend upon findings.2 mm calculus is expected to pass spontaneously. Most probably, low backache is related to herniated disc. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: Before getting out of bed and even before sitting up, I had a strange intense fluttering in my brain (more like shaking) and immediately followed by spinning of the room. I did get up after it passed. Within an hour, this happened three times and each time it was worse. When I tried to walk, my vision started shaking and I couldn t walk straight. I then started to vomit . Through the whole episode there was no head pain, only pressure and interior shaking on left side. What could be wrong?
output: This could be one of several problems. The most obvious thing that comes to mind with this presentation is benign paroxysmal positional vertigo. I also worry about brain rumors and neurovascular disease when I hear these symptoms. It's essential to have this problem checked out by a neurologist. Best of health to you.

input: My seven-year-old son has pain centered at his belly button, which worsens with touch and is all over his abdomen . He has a fever ov 101.8, a sore throat and some, not much coughing. I gave him some pain & fever reducer, and he s trying to sleep. It s 3 am, and he complained of stomach pain yesterday at breakfast (attributed to hunger) and again this pain at bedtime, waking up at 2am. Should I be concerned with appendicitis or another emergency?
output: Hello and welcome to ChatDoctorThanks for your querying abdomen which worsening on touch(tenderness) specially in child Chat Doctor.  It remains most common causes of acute pain abdomen and emergency surgeryYour child should have immediate consultation to GP for physical examination and needfulTake care of your child

input: Hi, I was diagnosed with jaundice last week. The blood test revealed my bilirubin level to be 4.6. The doctor advised me a 3-week bed rest. Apart from yellowish urine, light coloured stool and a slight yellowish coloration of the eye, I have experience no symptoms. So, will a 3-week bed rest be enough?
output: Hi thanks for asking question in Chat Doctor. Yes approx.3 to 4 week rest is quit enough. During your rest take care not to eat fatty food. Use minimum oil in cooking. Eat more fruits like apple, orange etc. Green leafy vegetables eaten more. Strictly avoid smoking and alcohol. One teaspoon of carrot and cumin crushed seed taken with milk daily. Papaiya with lemon juice also good herbal remedy. If needed Adlio tablet can be taken. I hope my suggestion will help you most. Take care. Chat Doctor. 

input: had chemo therapy gemzar and corplaitin, (spelled wrong) along with blood transfusion today and my hands feel like they are heavy and falling asleep
output: Thanks for the query I SM not able to come to a good diagnosis with the message u have sent. Please seek a physician opinion WH can examine u. It could be completely normal to something significant have a healthy living

input: MY BEAUTICIAN BURN MY SCALP NAD THEN SPRAYED SPRITZ ON MY HAIR TO COMPLETE THE STYLE,SOON MY HAIR STARTED ITCHING AND SCABS STARTED FORMING OVER SPOTS IN MY SCALP. FINALLY WENT TO THE DR. OFFICE AFTER WEARING WIGS FOR THREE LONG HOT MONTHS SHE SAID I HAD AN INFECTION IN MY FOLLICLES,KNOW IAM ON GRISULVIN WILL MY HAIR GROW BACK IN THOSE SPOTS.
output: Hi, Chance of hair growth is less after infection. Kindly take proper treatment for hair infection after Dermatologist consultation. Kindly use shampoo for Dan Chat Doctor.  Hair will grow after infection subsidies.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: hi, Ive had my mirena since august of 2011 with no problems till the past 2 monthes ive had bloody discharge once or twice a week usually after sex. i went in to the doctor and was tested for chlymydia which was negative and no sign of any other infection. Also ive started to get bad cramps during and after sex sometimes sharp pains.
output: Hi. IRENA causes irregular bleeding and sometimes spasm also. But with treatment it tends to settle after some time. I will advise you to get one pap smear done for post contact bleeding, to be sure of everything. Consult your 

input: Hello,I was seeing a psychiatrist for a number of years and he prescribed Vicodin as an anti-depressant being that everything else failed, including ECT. I get a few hours of relief a day, so it is worth it. This pdoc retired and my new one says she is not allowed to prescribe it. Is this true? I am in NY, btw. Thank You
output: Hellovicodin is not an antidepressant. You must have become habitual for it as you have been taking it for long. It is a regulated Chat Doctor. Request your doctor to start an antidepressant.thanks.

input: Hello Doctor, My daughter is 10 and I had her in the ER this past thursday with abdominal pain, the ER doctor did an exam and was concerned that the pain was her appendix, however the cat scan was negative, my daughter has been running a low grade fever since then, the doctor admitted her over night for observation saying she did have a swollen gland on the right side of her abdomen and that since she was running a fever and the pain combined, they were concerned that this could turn infectious which in turn affect her appendix. When her normal pediatrician did rounds the following morning she felt that the stomach pain was due to her lactose intollerace and to modify her diet, however I am concerned because she still has the fever and some abdominal pain and her diet has drastically declined over the last few days, I am not sure how to procede from here to handle this, or am I just being overcausious.
output: Hi. You are not overcautious, you are right. Thanks for elucidate history and is definitely suggestive that the pain in a 10-year-old child unless proved otherwise in this case is due to the Inflamed lymph nodes on the right side of abdomen. I would advise going for blood tests - CBC for infection (WBC), Typhoid, a course of an antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medicines for 7 days, Review with ultrasonography for size of the lymph nodes. IF same size-for for lymph node biopsy. IF responding to the treatment, continue medicines for three weeks. Also see for ENT - to see if whether has ENT infection, which on swallowing goes to the terminal intestines and affect the payers patches, which in turn enlarge the nodes - also called as Tummy Tonsils. No lactose intolerance can give lymph nodes.

input: I fell on a set of marble stairs three weeks ago and hit my left knee directly on the corner of the step. I immediately saw stars and became very light headed. I also felt nauseous. I went home and iced/elevated my knee. I was unable to bend it nor walk up/down stairs for one week. It was very swollen, bruised, and had a large cut. After a week I gained mobility back in the knee but it still hurts. This past week I noticed that a large lump formed and is very predominate when I bend my knee. What is this? Should I see a professional?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have history of trauma.  You may have some injury to your ligaments or meniscus.  So that hematoma formation occurs and it causes lump.  You should take symptomatic anti-inflammatory plus analgesic Chat Doctor.  You should go for MRI knee to know exactly where you have injury.  Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: i AM 80 AND WHEN I TAKE A BRISK WALK.. I GET SHORT OF BREATH AND EXPERIENCE TIGHTNESS IN MY CHEST.... I HAVE HAD A LIFETIME HISTORY OF ASTHMA.. BUT I DONT HAVE ATTACKS NOW LIKE I USED TO WHEN I WAS YOUNGER.. AND I DONT TAKE ANY MEDS FOR ASTHMA... SHOULD I STOP WALKING... WALK SLOWER.. BUILD UP MY BEING IN SHAPE.....
output: Hello Chest tightness in your age need proper clinical evaluation, and it is important to exclude cardio-pulmonary causes. You need clinical correlation and investigations like routine hologram, random blood sugar, liver function test, renal function test, lipid profile, urine RE/ME, Chest X-ray (PA view), ultrasound of abdomen, ECG in all leads, TMT,ECHO. It may also be due to chronic asthma. You may need PFT(pulmonary function test). Proper treatment depend upon findings. You can continue slow walking and don't undergo more exertions till proper evaluation. Get well soon. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I have recently been diagnosed with acute pancriatitis and liver inflammation.  I have been in and out of the hospital for the last month and half.  Every time I go in I stay for 5 days and they starve me yet the pain is still there.  Symptoms include, Pain in upper right quadrant moving around to back and shoulder blade, pain in upper left quadrant and also occasional pain just to the right side of the belly button.
output: Hello, You have to take stringent dietary precautions. Also get a CAT scan to get the status of pancreas and for follow-up in the future. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: Doc gud morning a weeks ago my father suffer some fever andevery night he chille it comes and go actually. He already do some laboratory test and the doctor found out tnat he have a ptb bilateral and his kidney was also being trigger. What shall we do doc inorder to prevent everything.
output: PTB is I suppose pulmonary tuberculosis. Take Antioch treatment as per sputum examination report & chest X-ray. Completing the full course is important. Also do urine examination for AFB i.e. acid-fast bacilli found in renal (kidney) tuberculosis. Consult your Urologist.

input: My mother is a mental health patient .She has stopped taking medicines since past few months . Now a days situation has worsen . She keeps talking to herself and gets agitated at times that it is impossible to calm her down. Need suggestion as we are planning to get her to some good doctor under whose supervision she can be given medicines and taken care of .
output: Hi, she had schizophrenia, in which due to of hearing of voices, she muttered. U have to admit your mother to psychiatrist. During that period u will give her tab.critical plus 1-0-1 and if she refuser than u will give spy.risperidone in water or any fluid food. That will control her symptoms. But admission is must for her.

input: I am 43 years old and decided two weeks ago to start running. after a week my shins and my knees were killing me so I had to stop. My shins are better now but my knees are constantly throbbing whether I am standing, sitting, walking etc... why do they still hurt and what can i do to make them better?
output: Hi you have gone through habitual running. Now rest is needed to heal this. It will take about 2 to 3 weeks to heal Once you are off pain then start running again but gradually increasing.

input: I am having pain around my waist in the back area only. Not front. I am a diabetic and have had a kidney infection before that I did not know about and it spread to my L5-S1 and I had to take 6 weeks of IV antibiotics. That was 7 months ago though. I just started with this pain. Never had it before. Pain 7 on a scale of 1 to 10. Sed rate is 52. CRP 1.4. Could this be related to my previous kidney infection? Have never had this pain before.
output: Hello, I have studied your case. Yes this can be due to kidney infection. Usually nerve compression can't be seen on x-ray you may need MRI for this. I will advise you to do MRI instill time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: I had acute kidney failure a couple months ago due to severe dehydration. Function was restore over-night and all was back to normal. Scans and tests showed a month later I had a 100% recovery. I showed large bruising (at the time of hospitalization) around the area of one kidney which I told was normal. I have changed my diet and excersice a lot (lost 25+ lbs). I have lost a lot of weight, stopped drinking alcohol and caffeine and dropped ~30 lbs. I noticed today that faint marks still show from the bruising (they look very faint). Note: I lost a lot of back fat, my body fat is 11% now. I don t see my Dr. for a while. I feel great and am well hydrated and have no symptoms. Does it take this long for the bruising to go away? Could the extreme weight lose reveal bruising that hasn t quit gone away yet?
output: hi it need some time.dont worry marks wil go.concentrate on your health not think about marks.

input: I was wondering how I can get prescribed Valium by my doctor. I am a 19 year old Male and was prescribed 30mg Adderall XR in May of 2012 for my, just then diagnosed, ADD. I have always dealt with high anxiety, but recently it has gotten to a point that is distracting in my life. I am afraid to ask him and have him think I am some druggie, when I m not and I m afraid he d say something like the adderall is supposed to help with that. Please help! I am extremely stressed about this situation. Also, I think I may have generalized anxiety disorder but have never been diagnosed. Anything you can say about that would be GREATLY appreciated! Thank you!
output: Dear Dollie, Hi! Your concerns about your health are very natural. You have got all rights to discuss your health with your doctor including the need to take Valium. Actually for anxiety symptoms, though diazepam (Valium) will help you symptomatically, there are better options than taking Valium. Discuss with your psychiatrist about taking some SSRIs along with your routine Chat Doctor.  Also benefits of CBT and psychotherapy cannot be overemphasized for you. Trying seeing your psychiatrist soon and do discuss your concerns in detail with him/her. Hope I could solve your concerns.

input: what are the side effects for a limpoma?  is it supposed to hurt?  or grow double its size over night?  and its rock hard.  It started out the size of a quarter and now its the size of an egg.  Please send me an email asap thank you and I greatly appreciate it
output: Lipomas are firm, mobile, slow growing swellings which are benign. If the swelling is doubling in size rapidly and is hard and painful then it needs to be investigated. A clinical examination, ultrasound scan of swelling and a fine needle aspiration cytology of swelling should be done. Please consult your doctor.

input: I have a laparoscopic scar from like 10 years ago, that has suddenly started bleeding a week ago.  It scabbed over, & the scab fell off, but appears to have been just dried up liquid?  And, its more red than the other sites, and hard around all the edges...The opening is perfectly round in the center, like a bullseye.  Is this ok?
output: Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. It could be injury to superficial vessel. I would suggest you not to worry and do following things:> Keep scar clean.> Don't touch it with dirty hands> Clean scar with spirit swab thrice a day for 3 days.> Put poly fax plus ointment over it. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.

input: Heloo this ques is for my mother. She is 56yrs old and had nephrectomy after diagnosing cancer in that kidney. During her routine ultrasound after 3 years found acoustic hypoechoic area in 8th segment of the liver. Is there anything to worry about?? What will be the treatment options??
output: HI. A single hypo-echoic area which was not there at the time of neurectomy has to be seen suspiciously, needing further investigations and treatment. The options are dependent whether it is secondary due to cancer or benign.

input: My mother suffered a severe intraventricular haemorrhage post craniotomy of a pituitary adenoma . She is in a state of coma for the last 30 days and had severe pneumonia .She has been under course of antibiotic which is over now. The neurosurgeon and the other doctors attending to her has advised us to take her out of the hospital to prevent further infection and give care at home. Is there any proper treatment
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor forum! I can give you one contact. It's the institute of neurosciences, circus venue.  But It's still a good advise to take her home and get her taken care of at home.

input: I got my sperm count tested twice, i got two different reports, one shows sperm count 1.5 million and other 15 million, can there be such diff in two reports, the time gap in tests was 25 days. My detailed report of sperm analysis, plz tell me can i be a father, and if it is treatable? I M worried plz suggest me asap.Physical examinationvolume 3.7ml, color grayish white, qualification within 30 minutes, viscosity normalchemical examinationReaction alkaline, fructose normal.Sperm count & vitalitySperm count 1.50, per ejacuate- 5.55ml, Vitality 80%Motility:Grade A=0, Grade B= 55%, Grade C= 15% Grade D= 30%Sperm morphologyNormal =80%, abnormal head=10%, Abnormal Tail=5% abnormal neck 5%other findingsImmature germ cell present, pus cell 2-4/hpfdebris= absent, aggutination absent, red blood cells occational.2 nd reportsperm count 15 milliongrade a 25%grade b 60%c 15%volum 2.0ml
output: Yes, some men have evacuation in the count and quality of the sperm in different samples. The problem in this case is that you never know the state of you semen sample at the time of ovulation of your wife. It could be either the good one that is sufficient for normal conceiving or the bad one which is not. You should consider freezing a good semen sample and using it to inseminate your wife during her ovulation time. Or the following step will be an IVF cycle. But don't go for these procedures unless it's been one year of unprotected regular intercourse.

input: Hi, I am very concerned.  I just was in the ED and had a CT scan and it read that I have a new cystic area on the right pelvic sidewall measuring 8.5cm in AP by 6.3cm in transverse dimension.  This measures 4.7cm in craniocaudad dimension.  Single septation.I have had a TSH and left oopherectomy and only the right ovary remains.  I am 45 years old and everything I am reading online is scaring me about the size of this cyst.I just had a laparoscopy in April to remove adhesions and this wasnt there.  How could a cyst grow that quickly?Is it a high percentage that large (>7cm) cysts are cancerous?  How can it be diagnosed as beneign or not?  is that only through laparoscopy?Thank you for any thoughts. I am very nervous!
output: Hi thanks for using Chat Doctor. Be relaxed. Only with the ct report we can't tell whether it is benign or malignant. We want more information. Best way to diagnose is to observe under microscopy about the cells characteristics. To diagnose whether it is benign or cancerous you can opt1. FNAC. Under USG guidance. One of the good way to diagnose solid tumors.2. Laparoscopy. Can be both diagnostic and therapeutic. The best way.3. Doppler scanning to see the blood supply. Non-invasive and can tell whether benign or cancerous. But not reliable. Hope this answered your question. Regards

input: I had the flu two weeks ago. I just caught what feels like a mini version. No fever, but I cough and have nasal drip and Im pretty weak feeling. Im on the third day of it. I am 34 years old, male. No health issues. I do feel my heart flutter once and while and just feel tired.. Is this a normal reaction to being sick?
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that this feeling looks like a paroxysmal cardiac arrhythmia (an episode of atrial fibrillation or flutter, frequent ectopic beats or even ventricular arrhythmia, etc.). There is only one way to confirm any possible arrhythmic events, by means of ECG registering during such unpleasant feelings. The most appropriate option would be to undergo an ambulatory 24 to 48 hours ECG monitoring (Holder test). In addition, I would recommend you to perform a medical check up by your internist or cardiologist, for a comprehensive physical exam, a resting ECG, chest X-ray study, some additional lab tests like complete blood count, PCR, Thyroid, liver, renal function tests, blood electrolytes, etc., to rule in/out any possible flu complications, like thyroiditis, pericarditis, myocarditis, etc. that may lead to generation of cardiac arrhythmias and altered overall health status. A cardiac ultrasound would be necessary, if suspicions of myo-pericarditis, etc. are raised. Hope to have been helpful! Greetings! 

input: Hi, I am 24yrs old female facing infertility problem. 4 years back I got a baby girl in my first pregnancy, after that I have not conceived due to PCOD problem. Recently I had Laproscopy as per my doctors suggestion and I am using medicines to conceive. My questions is I am using Duphaston from 14th day and Dubagest from 16th day. I have stopped Duphaston 1 week back and Dubagest 2 days back., My last period was 8th Jan, Can you please let me know when can I get my period if I am not pregnant., and If I am pregnant when can I go for the test?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. After stopping duphastone tablet if you are not pregnant then you may get periods within one week. If you are pregnant the test may be positive after 30 days /+ 1 week of your last period. i.e. after 8th Feb irrespective of you are taking duphastone or not. Taking duphastone doesn't affect pregnancy test result. Hope I have been helpful. Regards

input: I have a low grade fever 100-101, which I have had since Friday, along with congestion and sore throat(I have had my tonsils removed). Now my lymph nodes bilaterally are so swollen and painful it hurts to turn my head. My son had similar symptoms a week ago and tested negative for flu and strep. Should I continue to just ride this out as supposed virus?
output: Hello, the commonest cause for the symptoms you describe is viral infections.  Lymph node enlargement cane seen in both viral and bacterial infections. Low grade fever with more nasal congestion and other symptoms are suggestive of a viral infection. something like infectious mononucleosis. You have a contact history also.(your son) Strep infection would have high fever with other symptoms but less nasal congestion. Also, your throat will have white plaques or pustules.  You can have adequate bed rest, loratadine or fexofenadine, paracetamol, warm beverages, After 4 days if symptoms are not subsiding, get your blood tested.  Because if it turned out to be bacterial, strep needs antibiotics. Hope this helps. Thank you.

input: My father is 86 years old. Within the last 8 months he has had trouble breathing and has zero energy. all test coming out normal. trip to ER the other day also showed nothing out of ordinary. he is on numerous meds. prior heart attack. two abdominal anyurisms. Non smoker
output: Hi. I can understand your concern. Ideally ECG and 2d echo should be done first in his case. If both are normal than no need to worry about heart diseases. It would be advisable for you to get a chest x-ray done. Consult a pulmonologist for a detailed evaluation.Don't worry, he will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: hello, i am a mother of a 2 and four year old boys. every since birth their big toe nails on both feet have had cracks down the middle. my pediatrician doesnt sound that concerned, but he didnt really take the time to look either. do you know what causes this. ive bought them wider looser shoes and they still have cracks down the middle. do you think its a deficiency of some sort. but i dont see how because they eat non stop and they take flintstone vitamins. help please lol
output: Hi, Early sign of psoriasis arthritis. I am not so sure, but the symptoms suggest the same. Meet a rheumatologist. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Sunny Anand, Physical Therapist or Physiotherapist

input: I fell on April 6, 2015. Had an abrasion on knee. The abrasion took a good while to heal. About 4 days after the fall my leg from knee to foot was swollen Broken bones in my foot and a blood clot in that leg have been ruled out. It is still swollen. Right after the leg and foot started swelling I kept it elevated above my heart many hours of the day as instructed by physician. I also took a round of antibotics and used an antibotic cream on my leg for a week. Are there any other tests that could be done to determine why it is still swollen?
output: Hello have studied your case. I will advise you color Doppler leg to confirm any blood clot. Ct scan may help in diagnosis. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and matrix therapy may help you. I hope I have answered your questions. If you have further questions please feel free to contact us. I will be happy to answer. Take care.

input: Hi, my name is XXXX. I have primary myelofibrosis and currently treated with 2 gr of Hydrea everyday due to high platelets. I had splenectomy 4 months ago and have been on penicillin everyday since the surgery. Now I venoticed that I have dark grey spots in my tongue, do you know what has caused these spots? I know Hydrea has caused my hand skin and nail become darker but I haven t read/heard that hydrea causes dark tongue too. thanka so much. Really appreciate your answer. XXXX
output: Hi, Hy Chat Doctor.  It may be related to poor oral hygiene, low saliva production, liquid diet, and use of antibiotics. It can be prevented by brushing your tongue using a soft toothbrush, Brush after eating and 

input: Hi, My wife has been caught with Tuberculosis in her spine in the MRI scan after she was having back pain for last 7-8 months and having swelling as well. The TB has completely destroyed her L5 vertebra in the spinal cord and spinal cord is bent and in C shape now. She is just 25.. she is hospitalised now and under TB treatment and doctors taking out the pas. What is the next step and how can she be cured for the spina cord injury and damage?
output: Potts disease caused by TB effects usually contagious vertebra, destroying them and finally bending the spine forming GIBBS. The best treatment is ATT(anti tuberculosis treatment) with high dose steroids like DECs Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, My kid is 3.5 year old. she is having cold, running nose since 3 days. Day 1 - night she had high temperature, i gave Crocin syrup twice (night and morning). day 2- there were no temparature but running nose was there. I gave T-Minic syrup in evening. In night again, she had little temparature. Day 3 - morning i gave T-minic syrup. Shall I give both (T-Minic and Crycin) syrup to get out of running nose and temperature. What should be dosage and course for the same ??
output: I am glad that you put up your query at Chat Doctor. I am sorry that your child is suffering from a respiratory tract infection which is a more technical way of saying common cold. The infection is indicated by the presence of fever which needs to be controlled by methods like cold sponging or medicines like paracetamol which are sold in brand names like Cronin, Cal pol, Pyrites etc. which is given at 15 mg/kg/dose. Such an infection generally has an allergic component associated along with, for which anti-allergics and cough syrups are given. Dominic contains Phenylephrine which is given at 0.2 mg/kg/dose 3 or 4 times a day. The amount in ml would depend upon the formulation of the syrup (medicine content in mg/ml). For giving medicines to a child, appropriate dosage is important as is the understanding of the actual condition. I strongly insist that you consult your pediatrician before using it. Your doctor would also be able to decide which medicines are to be given and whether antibiotics are to be prescribed along with.

input: Sir, My son who is 6 years of age is having problem of having allergic dry cough frequently. Very recently he suffered from pneumonia. Dr has advised to give montek LC Kid tablet for atleast 20 days. Is the drug safe and what is the purpose of the same. Please guide what should I give my son to boost his immune system naturally other than allopathic drugs.
output: Hello, Monte is a safer Chat Doctor.  It is given once daily dose in the evening or night.  It will reduce the inflammation of air passages thereby it will reduce cough. You can give to 40- 60 days. No problem.  Naturally, you can improve immunity by giving vaccination at an appropriate time. Give citrus fruits, eggs, and green leafy vegetables. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I have a painful lump above my collarbone near my neck, it hurts when i touch it or move my neck and inside there is a little hard knot. The swelling has been reducing day by day, but I am concerned about what this is? There are no signs of redness or bruising I did get a flu shot and the TDAP shot
output: Hi, The lump you are talking appears to be enlarged lymph nodes. They are usually when there is infection in the surrounding area. It will be painful and slowly as the infection subsides with or without treatment, it would disappear. If you want you can get a test called as fine needle aspiration cytology done. It will confirm or rule out anything else if you are worried about. If you have any further queries, happy to help you again.

input: i am an asthmatic. i am taking foracot 200 inhaler daily 2 times as suggested by doctors. can i slowly reduce the intake of this. as i dont want to take steriods, for it side effects. i am doiing ayurvedic medication alonside and doing pranayam aswell. can i slowly stop this foracot inhaler as my condtion improves?
output: Hiin my opinion you can taper the doses very slowly wit following lifestyle modification you can go for breathing exercises and herbal preparation you can do allergy testing and allergy can be avoided with aggressive environmental control measures like1. Removal of carpet in to be Chat Doctor. 2. If you are sensitive to pet allergens, permanent removal of the pet is recommended. 3. Keeping the household humidity level at less than 50 percent to control dust mite and fungus growth.4. Using insecticides will help control cockroach populations. 5. Patients who are sensitive to mold, and outdoor air pollution should consider limiting outdoor activities when these levels are high. 6. Patients with asthma should avoid exposure to tobacco smoke.7.probiotic-supplemented yogurt resulted in reduced inflammation and reduced allergic symptoms8. Antioxidants vitamins C and E, selenium, and zinc. Omega-3 fatty acids from fish, and other supplements such as the herb Parasites hybrids are also used to decrease inflammation. Hope I have answered your querythankstake care

input: I have been experiencing a clavicular fullness, neck fullness and jaw pain for the past few years ..been tested for everything (nothing lfe threatening).. all they found was an abnormality in my submandibular gland (cystic) and a ranula. In past few months under my tongue is swollen and VERY painful (pain radiates to jaw) the swelling (mouth floor and clavicular)and pain come and go and I cannot tolerate the pain and numbness /Tingling anymore, nasty taste after swelling goes down... after reading a lot ... how do the drs distinguish if it is a ranula or a plunging ranula? Should I be worried?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The swelling below the tongue can be a cystic lesion arising from the sub lingual salivary gland which is called manual. If this manual permeates through the mylohyoid muscle and spreads down to neck region and produces swelling in the neck region below the mandible, it is called a plunging manual. Consult an oral physician and get it ruled out, because infection arising from the teeth can also result in pain and swelling of similar kind. Get an ultrasound done to rule out the pathology. If it is diagnosed as manual or plunging manual, then it has to treated surgical to prevent complications like difficulty in swallowing, respiratory problems. The nasty taste can be because of the contents of the cyst which gets burst following any trauma to the cyst. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: why after 5 years of marriage never having pregnant... never event once,also never abort... theres any something that i should know about my self... me & my husband has been told by doctors that we are normal couple after been checked by them 2 years ago, already done IUI twice but nothing happens... what should i know regarding this problem?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. You and your husband are diagnosed as normal couples. There are still many problems which can cause infertility.  Like problem in fertilization of egg or problem in implantation.  Since you are trying from 5 years I would suggest you to go for IVF I.e. in vitro fertilisation.  Here the problem of fertilization is solved as in this procedure they fertilize egg outside, and then they place them into uterus. They place 3 to 4 fertilized egg into uterus. So chances of conceiving increase. This will help you. You can discuss with your doctor. Hope I have been helpful. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: hi doc my age is 20 i am 70 kgs and my ht is 56 ....few months ago may be 2 0r 3 months.. i was on antibiotics (cephalosporins-cefuroxime) nd i think dats the reason i got yeast infection on my genital area.. m very not comfortable to talk abt dis to my parents and doc.. i searched online and got to know abt home remedies.. I came to know about sugarless yogurt.. would it really help me?Antifungals have so many side effects.. so why not any natural remedy?Thanks for your advice
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. First you need to control the fungal infection by using antifungal medication or creams. If it is itching severely, please take antihistamine tablets. Keep your genital area Chat Doctor.  Do not wear moist clothes. Try not to itch your genital region as this may spread the infection further. Sugarless yogurt will help treat yeast infections, but it may become messy for you. The antifungal cream is best option. Hope this helps

input: hello, i am generall a person who gains and looses weight over time recently ,for the past 8 months i have been having i-pills due to unprotected sex,and i also found that i have gained enormous weight,id like otknowif this is the side effects of the birth control i user to have lik ealmost 5 pills month please helpme or suggest me what i can do in order o loose this extra ponds of weight that has accumulated all of a sudden,i have stoped the pill now concentrating on loosing weight but reall tired to start.
output: Hello. Thanks for writing to us. The frequent use of I-pill can be associated with the weight gain that you are having. This is a high dose hormonal pill and needs to be avoided. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you.  

input: Hi, i am on the Contreceptive pill but forgot to take one, carried on as normal and then had an upset stomach a week later, and carried on taking my pill for another 3 days until my pill free week. i didnt have another pack to carry on with and didnt expect having sex any time soon. i ended up having sex but used a condom which later had spilt. after 28 hours i went for the morning after pill. now i am due on my period and i am 2 days late. im reallly worried that i am pregnant.
output: Hello, and I hope I can help you today. The morning after pill is 90 percent effective if taken within 72 hours of unprotected intercourse.  So, regardless of what happened with your pill taking before your pill-free week, the morning-after pill should still be effective. Many women have a delayed period after taking the morning-after pill as a side effect, but the possibility of pregnancy still exists if you are late, so you should perform a urine pregnancy test just in case.  If it has not been 2 weeks yet since your unprotected encounter, it may be too early to have a positive pregnancy test, so I would repeat it in a week if that is the case. In addition, many women have an irregular period or skip entirely after they stop the pill. If you are not pregnant, you can start a new pack of pills as soon as you get them, but just use a condom as a backup for the first two weeks.  You should get a period in the pill-free week as you did previously. I hope I was able to answer your question today and that my advice was helpful. Best wishes,

input: I have severe pain in my right arm from my neck to my pinky. my pinky twitches from time to time and my whole hand starts to swell. the pain is mainly in my elbow and down the backside of my forearm but it hurts all over. im going to a dr Tuesday but I was wondering if you could prepare me for what they might say
output: Hello, I have studied your case. Due to compression of cervical nerve root there can be pain in your fingers.Also, there can be large disc bulge which can be compressing over spinal cord. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication like pregabalin can be started consulting your doctor. Till time, avoid lifting weights. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like Tens and inferential therapy may give you relief for few days. In case of nerve compression leading to finger weakness you need to decompress nerve surgically. If nerve compression becomes symptomatically severe then surgical decompression will give permanent relief. I will advise you MRI cervical spine and EMG-NCV [nerve conduction study]. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.

input: My heart rate increases dramatically when I stand or walk around.  It feels like it is going to beat out of my chest.  I have just had a heart cath and all vessels are clear.  Have had CT scan for lung clot..none there. all tests given in a resting position are normal.  under the care of a cardiologist but this heart pounding is debilitating.  doing research on my own now.  could it be due to extremely low estragin levels or some other hormone levels? First docs said I had Pericarditis and gave me Steroids for 6 days.  was pain free for a week and then it came back much worse for a week.  I dont fit into the easy answer diagnoses on this one.
output: Hello, I advise you to take a beta-blocker tablet as Concord once per day for such heart acceleration. All you suffer from is cardiac effect for your previous operation. So don't be afraid. Its benign condition. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: dr i continuously lose my memory and cant understand my routine college lectures and i cant memorize and remember them that was not the case eith me in the past but now it is i used to learn things within a brief period of time and sustained them now im used hp plz answer me wt should i do i want most suitable answer
output: Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question with care and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you Question : Suggest treatment for loss of memoryAnswer : Memory Loss can be due to various reasons. And we have to treat the cause of short term memory loss. To find the cause, you need a thorough evaluation Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.

input: My mother is in the hospital after a series of falls in her home. As lived alone until these falls resulting in fractured vertebrae and after recovery fell again and fractured ribs. In the last year has short term memory loss and repeats questions and not aware of day or time of year. Knows all the family but now very angry at me and my brothers because we have put her in nursing home even though she is still in hospital. Cries and refuses to eat unless we take her home but currently has c diff. Is there medication that could help her mood and memory loss?
output: May be vascular, alzheimers or mixed dementia....treat with donepezil...also do relevant investigations like ct MRI blood investigations.

input: I am a 25 year old woman, I started having a pain on the right side of my chest (under my breast) and ride side of my back by my shoulder blade, At times it feels as though i am not taking a deep enough breath or getting enough oxygen. Im just curious as to what it could be.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely. So follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in musculoskeletal pain. 1. Avoid movements causing pain.2. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise.3. Apply warm water pad on affected areas.4. Take simple painkiller like paracetamol or ibuprofen.Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: I am taking Noxito 10 mg  daily after doctor  prescribe becoz  i am suffering for sleepness for 5 days . Doctor also prescribe Lonazep .25 mg along with above medicine . But, I feel consciousnesses and abnormal behavior more in the morning time. Later on I feel fine .Please, Advise me.
output: HIT hanks for using Chat Doctor There is nothing to worry in your case. Initial few days, some time, patients feel anxiety symptoms in form of Chat Doctor.  It would be over in few days. You can carry on with same dose of 

input: My son fell at an amusement park today about 4 hours ago and hit his head on the concrete curb. He was examined by paramedics and I have been watching him very closely. He seems to be acting normally. However, he has a bump on the back of the head. Is it normal for the bump to hurt? How long will it hurt? Can he take a nap?
output: From the scenario what you have said I think it must be a hematoma... Hematoma means collection of blood.if your son didn't have any loss of consciousness or vomiting there nothing much to worry .just give hot water compression for two days. Haematoma usually gets absorbed in 3 to 4 days. He can paracetamol for pain.he can sleep in one side so that u can avoid compression of hematoma which might cause pain for initial two days. I hope I have answered you queries... Get well soon... Have u good day...

input: HI Doctor, my child was having viral fever from past 6 days and he had severe cough too.His fever has come down, for cough we are giving ascoril expectorant and doctor has also given mahacort dz to be given twice a day, his cough is continuous..can i give him zifi 100 ready mix for his continuous cough? we have given this medicine last year end or in jan 2014
output: Hello, Your child had fever and cough. The fever has come down, but the cough is persisting. Now WiFi is an antibiotic used for bacterial infections. If your kid had a bacterial infection his fever would not have decreased without using an antibiotic. His cough could be due to other reasons - wheezing, postnatal Chat Doctor.  Please have him evaluated by a pediatrician who will examine his throat and chest and then give appropriate medicines. Even in the future I will advise that you should not use antibiotics without a doctors prescription.  Hope that helps. Preeti

input: I have bad cough for about 2months now . About 4 weeks ago my doctor gave me whooping cough shot and medicine , but my cough has still not gone away and i am throwing up with cough more frequently. I cannt eat solid food because i throw up after i eat.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, in your case, possibility of lung Infection or bronchitis is more. You are having chronic cough (cough since 2 months and not improving with standard medicines), and in both these conditions it is seen. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray 3. PUT (Pulmonary Function Test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection. PFT is needed to rule out bronchitis. You may need antibiotics, antihistamines inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid. Don't worry, you will be alright. But first diagnose yourself and then start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... My baby boy is almost 2 months old and has a with spot on the tip of his fingernail on his little finger. When I touch it it does not seem as if he is in pain. However, it looks as if redness is increasing under the nail itself, and around it. IWhen I took him to the doctor, a week ago, he said it was a with spot that he will outgrow. I am still concerned.
output: Redness under nail in 2 months kid is due to hypoplastic nails which are delicate and soft and very mild injury to nail bed might cause redness. It does not have pain or swelling. It will subside by itself, need not be worried.

input: How can I find help for my 24 yr old grandson who has been diagnosed (at an early age) with bipolar as well as other mental/emotional problems?   His psychiatrist gave up on him; he has been in trouble with the law and cannot seem to stay stable for any length of time.  He cannot hold a job for more than a month, if that.
output: Helloi have to tell you that the best Chat Doctor. .serum lithium level is to be monitored frequently. But you have to consult a psychiatrist before starting the treatment.thorough history and talking to patient help in treatment a lot. Hope this is helpful.regards.

input: 88 year old woman with severe dementia was taking donepezil and doctor in rehab center prescribed Seroquel and Lexapro in lieu of donepezil and she also takes Xanax as needed for anxiety. Which med do you think is best or are both ok.  She also takes 4 blood pressure meds  and pravastatin.  I do not want to over medicate until her doctors apt at end of month.  in articles I have read the bi-polar scitzo meds like this one should not be given to dementia.  Any clarification is appreciated,
output: Hello thanks for asking from ChatDoctorI can understand your concern. A lot of individuals with dementia develop psychotic symptoms and depression. These are seen as comorbidities in dementia. Seroquel has been given to her probably to calm her and to improve her mood. Learn has been prescribed to her for depressed mood and to prevent mood swings. Donepezil is given for dementia for improvement in cognitive functions. In my opinion if she has severe dementia then she should be given Donepezil and also Seroquel and Learn. She is also taking Xanax which is a benzodiazepine Chat Doctor.  The 

input: I am in my mid-fifties and have a history of small warts, originally on my fingers. As of late I am finding little warts (with tiny tiny lessons) on my face. Also, a big light brown lumpy growth near the upper fore-head. I had one removed or lazer-ed off. It looks like it is starting to come back in the same spot, or close to it! I originally had the procedure done in Chicago, but now live in IN.......I really would like to take care of this, as it seems, the one in the middle of my face, to be growing a little bigger, but slowly. What should I do, or who can you highly recommend?
output: HI. The warts should be seen by a dermatologist, as you can apply some solutions or have very minor procedures without leaving a scar (most important on face). See a Dermatologist (Skin Specialist)

input: Have a gradual pain in center of abdomin for fours weeks. Pain in back and now three days ago testicular pain. Stool sample normal but told that all blood work points to gallstones. Pain in abdomin is a level 8 this evening. I am 38 years old 220 lbs and 5 11. What could this be and what can I ask of my PCP to get some answers and relief?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. The reason of the pain in the center of the abdomen and the back can be related to the Gastric Ulcer / Cancer or pancreatitis. Pain in the testicle may be unrelated to the pain in abdomen and may be due to orchids or so. No blood tests are suggestive of gall stones. Ask PCP the following:Get an ultrasonography. Upper GI Endoscopy and Colonoscopy, Blood: Liver function tests, amylase, lipase, CT scan to confirm the diagnosis. The treatment will depend upon the diagnosis, hence getting a right diagnosis is of utmost importance.

input: I am 31 yrs old, in great health.I just noticed a lump on the outside of my lower left leg , right below the knee area.  Its about the size of a half of lemon, but I just noticed it a few days ago.  Not sure if I just didnt notice it, or if it is rapidly getting bigger.  It is not painful and there is no skin discoloration, it is not sensitive to touch either,  Doesnt feel hard
output: Hi Thanks for your quarry to Chat Doctor. You mostly suffer from - Moran Bakers cyst of left knee.? Sebaceous Cyst-Treatment 1-Orthopaedic Surgeon would Excise it and would treat it after confirmation2 If its Sebaceous Cyst a Surgeon would b needed to Excise it. Hope this would help to treat painless soft left knee Lump. Wellcome for any note help from me. Have a Good Day.

input: Well This might sound sort of dumb.. but My electrical cord kept coming out and two of the times I put it back in notice a a flash and dint know if caused a shock or not... didn t feel anything thing though.. didn t know if this is something to worry about. Also, I m 11 weeks pregnant.
output: Hi, If you get an electric shock, you will definitely notice at least a tingling sensation and spread of the impulse along the path. The fact that you did not feel any impulse suggests that perhaps you did not receive any electric shock. There is no harm done in the current scenario to your pregnancy and so, please do not worry. It is also true at the same time that higher amounts of shock can lead to numbness, loss of function, loss of consciousness and threaten the pregnancy. Take adequate rest, healthy diet and regular follow up. Hope this helps.

input: A friend has a lymph node on his neck. they removed his tonsils for some reasonplacing him in a lot of pain, but now want to do radiation on the lymph node!I would think shrinking the node 1st would have been the starting point.They said it is sccWhatis the normal procedure?
output: Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query in details .* There are different conditions which can give rise to painful nodes in neck as - inflammatory - infection related - others * Should consult with all reports as scanned copies for co relation and precise judgement. Wishing you fine recovery. Feel free to ask any further doubts. Regards .

input: my seven year old daughter has been complaining off and on of a stomache ache for the last few weeks. It improves with food. She also has some mild cold like symtoms, runny nose congestion, seems tired. last night, she has developed a cheek stain and it has persisted today. no fever. what is the best way to fix this?
output: Well, let us not try to "fix" anything! She is a human, not a leaky facet. Having said that, it appears that she has a virus that has affected her chest/respiratory system as well as her skin, and the gut. You should keep treating her symptomatically. Give her paracetamol for fever, Ben Chat Doctor.  Allow her to decide her activity level. Neither force her to move nor to sleep. Encourage her to play and do interesting things to avoid getting her from being bored and tired. I hope this helps. Best wishes and praying for her speedy recovery.

input: In the past, I would rarely experience this strange sensation where the orgasm lingers in my brain (this lingering orgasm feels uncomfortable). This has happened for about a year and a half now. However, it has become increasingly more common as of late. Other info: -It only happens at night -I m barely awake when it happens -When I m close to ejaculating, I start to think of extremely random things (ex: I ll think of firetrucks) involuntarily. Should I be concerned?
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. There are no research findings or other experiences to suggest or justify orgasm lingering in my brain. In that case, such a symptom could be due to obsession. Please learn to ignore the sign and it disappears. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: I have a large bump on the right side of my clitoris i dont know what it is when i squeeze it, it hurts it doesnt bleed or pop. It doesnt hurt when left alone and it doesnt itch. On one end of it it feels like something is attatched to it can someone please help and give me ideas on what it is? Ive been with the same partner for over a year.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having Catholics gland cyst giving this problem. Nothing to worry, it is normal. Consult GAEC and get examined. If cyst is there get it excised with sac. Ok and take care.

input: I have COPD. Have had seretide for 2or more yrs. Recently been given speriva.. only a few times have i had asthma attack or struggled to breath for some hrs , is very scary i feel one of them coming on today .need a reliever puffer are there any better than asmol.. that i can get today if have to see the local dr
output: Hi sir/madam, As an ayurvedic doctor would recommend you ayurvedic medicine which are best will give you good results too. Please note down these following medicine:-1. Vasarishta :- 15 ml should be mixed with equal quantity of water and taken after meals twice daily.2. Hari Chat Doctor. 

input: hi, My blood reports show these results as abnoramal range.1.cholestrol total -2052. LDL: direct 1363. tc/hdl ratio:5.64. LDL/HDL RATIO :3.75.ALANINE TRANSAMINASE (SGPT) : 65.26. vitamin-b 12:  1797.25- oh vitamin- D total:4.35What is my health problem and what preventive action i should take
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your lipid profile shows slightly high LDL cholesterol and low HDL cholesterol.  You just need to take low fat diet with high polyunsaturated fatty acids. You can take statin group of Chat Doctor.  Also, you need vitamin D supplements.  So just consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: After taking a cholesterol lowering (unneeded) medication for 10 years, my white blood platelet count has taken a sudden plunge to 70. It was gradually falling prior to that. I never had high cholesterol but am diabetic, so it was prescribed as a preventative measure. How do I get the count to go up to an acceptable count? I do not have cancer (leukemia).
output: HiT hanks for your query. If there are no obvious causes of falling platelets, then you may stop that Chat Doctor.  If it increases, then the 

input: sir,i am 21 years old and i am suffering from night -fall before 6 months . and after erection i feel pain in my eggs can u tell me how i can overcome this problem and also tell me how i can increase semens because i heared that because of low sperm court sometimes u can fell pain in eggs and for that increase your siemens for harmonal balancing
output: Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum Night fall is a normal phenomenon and is not a disease to treat. It is process where body tries to replace older sperms with new one.  And regarding your pain, it is not related to low sperm count. So, please visit a doctor for examination next time when you feel pain over there.  Till then, stop thinking about this and enjoy.  All the best.

input: I just had an episode of dizziness , tremor , feeling of intense internal fever, and redness in neck area that lasted around 4 minutes. This occurred immediately after a painful sexual encounter. I have a current history of moderate dysplasia . There is one spot that has never been an issue and tonight on contact I began to hyperventilate along with other symptoms listed
output: The symptoms mentioned by you seem to be of vasovagal syncope due to dyspnea. Tonight symptoms may be due to psychological fear of recurrence of symptoms like previous episode.

input: Hello doctor ..My name kamal I m 21 years / male .......l sufrred from a depression I m afraid when I m go to bed and couldn t sleep then everyday I thinking how I can sleep today then this illness is effect on my education then my health then cause no thing make me happy still nw I forget this feeling . When I have any work nextday I couldn t sleep and I m thinking what happen nextday then if I couldn t sleep How I do anything nextday then I m feeling disturbance I m very afrid to travel with my ?friend becuse this feeling .actully I m very tired I m feling I m extoic guy what can I do
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. From the description of your problems, it appears that you may be having both anxiety and depressive symptoms. Since, these problems seem to be causing you a lot of distress and dysfunction, you need to seek professional help to come out of this phase.  There are effective treatment options for this, in the form of medication or counselling / psychotherapy which will help you overcome your problems. So, I would advise you consult a psychiatrist for a detailed psychological assessment and further treatment.  Wish you all the best.  

input: I have been battling bronchitis with a persistent cough . I then got very ill and turned out it was my appendix. While they were trying to figure out my illness they said my white blood cell count was low. The doctors removed my appendix and never brought up my white blood cell issue again. Could the fact I was battling two illnesses lower white blood cells?
output: You are not mentioned the exact count.I think it was not so low because your doctor did not give importance to it.don't worry, repeat the WBC count. If it is again low then consult with medicine specialist.

input: hi, I have been getting really weird feelings in the back of my head, it doesnt hurt really, just a strange feeling. all of a sudden this huge wave of dizzyness comes over me and i blank out. im concious just blanked out. i feel like im falling and i panic. whats wrong?
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for posting your query. I understand your concern. By your history and symptoms I think that, your dizziness and black-outs could be due to Low blood pressure or low blood sugars. It would have been helpful if you had mentioned your past history of diabetes / hypertension / any head injuries. Consider getting an ECG, Echo, routine blood tests to rule out other possibilities. It would also be good if you can get an MRI of your Brain done. Consult a physician with the reports who will be able to comment on them and advice you appropriately. Keep checking your blood pressure at least twice a week at different time periods. Hope this answers your query and do write back to us if you require further assistance. Wish you good health.

input: Hi Doctor, My 8 months old son has been having loose motion since last Saturday. He had sever diaper rashes which has now reduced to some extent. Last Wednesday he had high temperature in the night (102 degree F) after which we started Tylenol. From Friday, he started developing rashes all over his body including his face. His fever has come down, but all the remaining symptoms are still there. Please advice what could be the cause for this.
output: Hi, The rash could be a viral exanthem or a hypersensitivity reaction to a Chat Doctor.  Viral exanthem could lead to systemic involvement. So, I request you to immediately visit the Dermatologist for confirming the diagnosis and for initiating the treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: 52 year old male. Have a lump in my liver. Biopsy came back  "suspicious for cancer". What in the world does that mean? Had a PET scan today waiting a week to see the doctor.  How likely is this to be cancer?  I have not had a liver function test in about 3 months and thosse were mostly normal.
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. There are more chances to be cancer than not, but it should be confirmed with repeated biopsy and then therapy may be planned. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health. Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 16 my chest feels compressed and i have constant cold feeling in the centre of my chest, it feels quite deep. It feels like my lungs have shrunk also. I am healthy and play a lot of sport and recently when i breathe in  when playing it also feels really cold.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you are young (16 years), playing sports and living active life, no need to worry about major lung or heart related diseases for your symptoms. Sometimes in teenage, stress and anxiety are common. And these can cause similar kind of symptoms. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Hi my name is Kathy. I have spondylitis and I suffer a lot of nerve and syattic pain 24/7 Today is different my right thigh is numb to my knee so I pocked my thigh with a fork and their is no pain in that part of my leg. My feet still have the same burning, tingling and pins and needles in them. I m a bit scared as this has never been like this before.What should I do and is the feeling going to come back. Thank you Kathy
output: You need to consult Neurologist Immediately. There may be possibility of any further nerve roots or canal stenosis acutely by the protruded intervertebral disc. Possibly your doctor will perform NCV/EMG and MRI spine to look for the cause. Another possibility can also be a minor stroke which involved left thalamus which can produce only sensory symptoms on right side of body

input: Hi, I have 27 weeks of pregnancy, I have partial placenta previa and had my first episode of bleeding as well as preterm labor, so they formed a subchorionic hematoma, I m still at rest and tocolytics taken. I want to know if aspirin is indicated in this case in the evenings as an adjunct in the management of contractions? Thanks!
output: If you take my Advice, then I would like to say that aspirin is best avoided during pregnancy as aspirin can lead to heart disease in baby, you should best use antispasmodic like Chat Doctor. 

input: i have a question i had abdominal pain so went to one Er the took a urine pregnency test and told me i was pregnant the same night i went to a other one the took my blood and told me i am not pregnant and didd a MRI and stuff now my period is late 3 days i have period like symtoms but i have a white creamy stuff comming out is that normal please help thank you !!!!
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Since the check pregnancy tests is normal and MRI is also normal, it looks that you are not pregnant. Then the most probable cause of such a pain can be related to PID - pelvic inflammatory disease or enteritis as you have a white creamy stuff coming out. This is obviously not normal. Take an opinion of a Gynecologist for further investigations, diagnosis and treatment.

input: Hello so i am freaking out right now about some itching from my vagina all the way to my anus and above. On top of that I have small read bumps between my anus and vagina but closer to my anus. they are small but there are quite a few of them. And I have been constipated and had some bloating of the stomach with a little pain that accompanies it.
output: HI.... Thank you for asking Query. I read you problem, as I understood from what you said that you have bumps near to anus , having itching due to this, the bumps in this area can be due to simple bacterial infection, but some viral infection of this area can cause it, if they are filled with pus/fluid then bacterial infection can be the cause for it, some antibiotic ointment -Fucidin-can helpful apply time over it for 5-7 days, +some oral antibiotic like Tampico capsules can be taken for 5-7days if you donor have allergy to penicillin, not pregnant now-if married, as you did not tell your age, so the dose of medication need to be adjusted by local Chat Doctor. But if you have nearby GP, better to be examined by him/her. Hope you got the answer , you can freely ask any other query next. Regards

input: my daughter (age 14) has got so much of head lice. recently she was down with chicken pox and developed head sores adding up to lice growth rapidly. those sores are itchy, sometimes watery, makes the hair ugly and with ba odour. lice growth has multiplied... need a remedy please.
output: Hi, for lice treatment you can apply permethrin 1 percent cream to the scalp for 15 minutes and then wash the head. Reapply cream for 3 days and your children problem will be solved. Regards - Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 28 years old woman. I have been married for 2 years.I have 1 baby who is 7 months old. My husband does not enjoy sex using condoms .He has been asking me to get copper-t inserted.I want to know the procedure of insertion, it s side effects and how painful it can be during insertion and after insertion.when is the best time to insert it?
output: Hi, Cooper =T is an intrauterine device inserted by OG inside your uterus. Usually, there is no pain during insertion. After insertion, some women have reported pain or cramps together with heavy periods. If you notice unusual symptoms can consult OG or physician immediately. Be careful when having sex not to remove the Cooper-t to avoid laceration of uterus. It can be inserted any time, but usually after the periods are over. All the best! Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I just found out my ALT is 146 and my AST is 85. Last month it was only AST 66 and the ALT was the same. They have tested me for Hepatitis and that is negative. I only have 2 drinks a night and am currently on amoxicillin for a tooth infection. what can make my levels so high? I am currently 20 pds over weight, can this be the reason?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. You probably have condition called fatty liver. This is caused by metallic syn Chat Doctor.  These are not very elevated findings, and it should be treated only by changing dietary and lifestyle habits. I suggest you to do ultrasound to see is thee any liver damage. Lose some weight, avoid alcohols, soffee, smoking, fats and follow some of hepatic diets. Repeat lab tests 2-3 months after that, and I am sure there will be improvement.  Wish you good health.

input: Hi, my brothers been suffering from xdr tb for probably 2 years now, d doctors say about 60% of his lungs are damaged...he constantly complains about tightness in his chest , and a feeling of been suffocating. I understand treatment at this stage is a very slow process, but for how long is he going to keep feeling this way? It causes him great discomfort. Does higher altitudes have anything to do with his quick recovery and the suffocating feeling? Thanks
output: Since you say he has damage to his lung, that area could harbor the bacteria and might even have lung abscess. You might even consider surgery to take away some part of the irreversibly damaged lung so that the rest of the area heals well. A thoracic physician/surgeon will be helpful in this regard.

input: What is the least amount of time you can take amoxicillin  for a tooth infection and still be sure the infection is gone? After two days of taking the medication he will have a root canal, would three more days after the root canal be adequate?  My husband has just gotten over a very severe case of C Diff. after taking clindamycin for a tooth infection six and a half months ago.  It has been only three and a half months since recovery and now must go on amoxicillin 500mg Q12hours,( he also has 4th stage kidney disease thus this specific dosage), for a new tooth infection.  We want to take every precaution that safely addresses clearing up the infection and also all we can do to prevent another C Diff. occurrence!!  Thank You!
output: Hello, Its better to administer amoxicillin initially, prior to root canal treatment. This will help to relieve the underlying infection. I would suggest you to take complete course of antibiotics during the initial stages of tooth infection. Depending on the severity of infection, dose as well as duration of action of antibiotics may vary. Please do visit a dentist and get an opinion regarding this. Hope this helps.

input: hi, i want to know about DTP vaccine. my baby is of 1.5 month. please suggest i should go for painless or painfull DTP vaccine. I also want to know what all problem baby suffers from if i go for painfull vaccine? please suggest what will Painless vaccine cast me?
output: Hello, The painless DPT vaccine contains cellular pertussis and has fewer side effects in terms of fever, swelling, pain etc. This vaccine came into use a few years back, but now recent data suggests that this vaccine is not very effective against pertussis (whooping cough). There have been several outbreaks of whooping cough in America and now this vaccine is no longer routinely recommended. You should get your child vaccinated with the whole cell pertussis vaccine or the so-called painful vaccine. The commonest side effects of this vaccine are fever, pain at injection site, swelling at injection site and irritability. There are other extremely rare side effects like fits, shock. The painless vaccine is now recommended only for those child Chat Doctor.  The cost of painless DPT vaccine is around INR 1500 - 2000.  Hope that helps. Preeti

input: Hello, my 16 month old has had a bumpy rash on his legs and arms for about 2 weeks. He also just got roseola and the rash from that is almost gone. In the past 24 hours he passed two gray stools and is much more tired than usual. Are these things related? Should I be concerned?
output: HelloWelcome to Chat Doctor no need to worry, it may be postviral weakness. Now if the baby is feeding well and passing stool normally, it's ok

input: I am taking solavert and warfram for AF. I am regularly checking for AF with blood pressure monitor and have not had any for several weeks. However I am becoming very tired, sluggish with very painful legs and hips. Could this be a side effect of the drugs, if so what alternative might I have for one or both. I want to be able to discuss this with my Doctor but with some background understanding. Ian
output: These are common long term warfarin use side effects you should consult your cardiologist for alternative unsafe to suggest any alternative online I hope I could help more, but it is wrong to switch AF medications online Good Luck

input: I have a low/ no sperm count when tested. My wife and I have successfully done IVF with the result of a amazing daughter.  If we wanted to try again going naturally is there any vitamins or anything I can start taking now to possibly improve my count?
output: HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have low sperm count (Oligospermia). Following measure will help you to increase sperm count to some extent. This will also help to improve sperm motility and morphology of the sperms.1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day.4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. Chat Doctor. 

input: Hello, I am a healthy, 42 year old. I have regular 27 day periods and seem to ovulate regularly. I had low TSH in the past year that is now corrected. I had a miscarriage 3 days ago. My ultrasound showed an endometrial lining thickness of 6mm today (day 3 ). Is that normal? Also there were 5 follicles shown at approx 8mm. Is the lining too thick? What are my chances of concieving again this cycle? Very fertile in the past. Only issue has been some thick lining. Thank you, Annabelle
output: Hi Annabelle I think your endometrial thickness is a bit on higher side, but it is day 3 only. You can bleed and have a thinner lining on day 5. So there is a fair chance of conceiving this cycle also. But you need to take some medicines to support your pregnancy as you had miscarriage in the past.  Talk to your doctor regarding this. Hope I have answered your question.

input: I have a red spot just above my left ankle about 4 inches in diameter which has been there ever since I had a large cancerous tumor removed from my left groin about three years ago. I have used various medicated creams on it but it does not go away. I have light shooting pains in it occasionally. I recently sprained my ankle and it got worse. I am 92 years old and diabetic. Is there some medication or medicated cream that might help?
output: After hearing your history I would advise you to use voting gel in the affected area. Volini Gel contains Diclofenac Diethylammonium Topical, Menthol Topical, Methyl Salicylate Topical and Ileum Line Topical as active ingredients. Volini Gel works by reducing pain and delayed onset muscle soreness, providing relief of musculoskeletal aches and pains, reducing the pain providing relief from pain. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: My baby is 3 months and she just threw up a small amount with brown colored mucous-like throw up in it. It was about the size of a silver dollar. Should I be concerned. She has never done this before. I checked her temp and it is normal and no behavioral cues.
output: Hi... if the baby is feeding normally and otherwise active you need not worry about this. Red flag signs if something sinister is going on in the baby at this age would be - 1. Stoppage of feeding completely.2. Fever above 101 degrees Fahrenheit.3. Respiratory distress and fast breathing.4. Abnormal spontaneous bruising on the skin. Regards - 

input: i m 33yrs old male. and been diagnosed with pernecious anemia doc had advised for v12 injection on monthly basis. I have off lately been irregular in taking the medication on monthly basis and now recently when i got by HB count done it shows as 12.8.. pls tel me if it is ok to do moderate gym workout in this condition.. i dont feel that tired.
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, You are already taking treatment for Anemia and your Hemoglobin is also reasonable 12.8 GMT and can continue to take B12 injection on monthly basis, and you can start work out gradually. My advice would be to start cardio work out initially later on weight training may be done. There should not be any problem in Gym. If there is any intake of alcohol it must be stopped completely. Take care Good luck to you,

input: Hi Dr. s I got my semen analysis a few days ago, rest all is normal excelt on thing i.e. my sperm has a -3 grade which is fast but undirected movement. Does this need any treatment? If so what sort of treatment should I get? Is this a cause for not getting my wife pregnant? I am married since last 4 years and my wife had 3 miscarriages and the last one was 1 and half year ago.
output: HelloThanks for your query. Your semen analysis revealed motility of the sperms to be grade 3. Normally it is grade one sperm which move in a straight direction are capable of fertilizing female eggs to result into pregnancy. The minimum percentage of grade one sperm accepted by WHO standards are 12-15% to result into conception. Truly speaking there are no medications that can increase the percentage of grade one sperm.However, Following measure will help to improve the motility of sperms to some extent.1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day. Chat Doctor. 4) Avoid alcohol and smoking.

input: My 3rd old has had a little big of blood after wiping, we were told to change his diet. More fibre etc, today him after he had a BM there was bright red blood & quite a bit... Really worried any advice?? We are making an appointment with his DR tomorrow..
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The problem that your child is facing is not commonly seen in this age group. Bright red blood and increased quantity is not suggestive of infection alone, and I am thinking of a surgical cause a possibility. Most probably due to some injury at the exit point of the stools. You Need to consult doctor at the earliest, and you might need to meet a pediatric surgeon too. Wish your child a good health. Take care.

input: I have a small lymph node in lower area of left side of my neck. I have had a seriously swollen shoulder from rotator cuff problems. Can this be a cause of the node? I had a Pet 6mths ago and it has slightly enlarged. I suffer from awful sinus drainage and clering throat because of it. I am so afraid it is cancer. PET this Friday. I hhave been in remission for 6yrs Dr. says it is not likely to be that. I can t stop mashing to find this thing. Help.
output: You said you are in remission now. That means you must be having history of cancer. If you have history of cancer biopsy of the enlarged node needs to be done. Else you can take a course of antibiotics and wait till sinus discharge subsides. Cervical node enlargement occurs with throat infection and other head and neck infections commonly. In such case you can wait.

input: my sis has high creatinin level of 111, her left kidney has parenchymal disease and she had a right kidney stone removed from years back though current result proves that her kidney is clear. she wants to know what are the dos and donts and what are the risks for having this high level of creatinin and parenchymal disease, what important things do we need to ask from her doctor if we have her checked up. thanks alot. god bless.
output: Firstly I would like to correct that it is 11.1 mg /DL of see. Creatinine and not 111. If the see. Creatinine levels or this elevated for a long time and is asymptomatic I suggest having an AV FISTULA created at the earliest. She may land up any time in uremic seizures, her bones will be brittle n prone to fractures, she would be having loss of appetite and muscle catabolism due to chronic acidosis. Regarding diet absolute vegetarian diets low in potassium. Avoid fruit juices and fruits especially banana, watermelon ... Can have small bites of apple, guava and papaya. BUT GET FISTULA DONE EMERGENTLY COM IT TAKES 6 WEEKS FOR IT TO MATURE AND ANY EMERGENCY DURING THIS PERIOD SHE WILL HAVE TO TAKE EMERGENCY DIALYSIS WITH ITV ACCESS WHICH IS PRONE TO COMPLICATIONS OF INFECTIONS.

input: Hi, I have just banged my leg on the corner of my coffee table. Below the right knee to the right hand side, It actually brought tears to my eyes. It came up in a bruise straight away an now there is a hard round lump underneath the bruise. is the lump anything bad do you think?
output: Hi, The lump is a normal occurrence after this type of injury. There will be swelling and bruising which will have caused blood to collect in the area causing the lump to appear. It may last a few days before receding. In the meantime, take paracetamol and ibuprofen for the pain. Keep your knee moving with your normal daily activities otherwise it may become stiff. A compression knee support may help. Also try a cool compress to the area. Hope this helps you.  Chat Doctor. 

input: My father has malignant melanoma and has recently undergone the gamma knife for his brain mets. Today he woke up with multiple blueish black lesions on the skin under the arm that he originally had surgery on for the infected lymph nodes 18 months ago. He has no pain there, but they were not there yesterday. Is this more mets?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Yes, possibility of metastasis is more. Malignant melanoma is known to cause skin metastasis and maxilla is common site for metastasis. So bluish black skin lesions can be due to skin metastasis. So get done clinical examination and if needed biopsy of the lesion to rule out metastasis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your father. Thanks.

input: I have been diagnosed with GAD since recovering from prostate cancer & possible duodenal cancer that was determined to be non malignant both within the past 2 years. I have tried 5 different SSRI s and 3 different SSNI s, none of which provided any relief. Side effects for most made my anxiety worse. I have also seen 4 psychiatrists with some minor success. CBT offering some help, the others, EMDR & Talk Therapy very little. The only relief I get is with 1MG Lorazepam as needed with no side effects. Why all the negativity re this medication.
output: Hi. I understand your situation. Keeping myself in your shoes and with previous experiences with these therapies in cases of anxiety and depression with aggravation SSRI, I would suggest either NLP or sunk six I acupuncture. NLP practitioner are available all over the globe. If you do not have access to any practitioner than you can read the best books I came across this topic - unlimited power and awaken the giant within. Both by Anthony Robbins. These are life-changing books and I highly recommend them from personal as well as patient experience. Six I acupuncture is different from Chinese acupuncture. It utilises very small needles with very small insertion depth only on palms. For emotional issues six I acupuncture is one of the best techniques to change the whole Constitution of the person. If am not sure which country you belong, but there are sunk association from Moscow who can probably guide you don't practitioner in your area. Hope this helps. Good luck

input: My right side hurts, but not really low. Kinda in the middle. But it only hurts when I sit down, stand up, cough, any sudden movement like that. It feels like something s being jiggled out of place and the pain is a sharp twinge. It started as a normal stomachache then moved to my right side.
output: Hello, As the location of the pain isn't mentioned it is difficult to put a comment which is directed towards the pathology. As you mentioned the stomachache and pain moved, I suspect it to be the higher side of the lower back where you are getting pain. This can be due to organs compression over the muscular system. A diagnostic ultrasound scan will help to figure out the actual organ pathology and medicine will be prescribed based on that. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, My friend, age 28 was diagnosed with seizure disorder in 2002, CT brain shows L frontal granuloma with surrounding edema , Had eptoin for 3 yrs thereafter. Gradually tapered as the per advice of neurologist . Recently he is experiencing some vague Headaches, with some giddiness occas. Having doubt whether he needs to get suggested by neurologist. He underwent blood work, dx with Impaired fasting glucose under control by diet & exercise.
output: Hello, It's important to ascertain the giddiness you describe is actually not minor episodes of seizures. The headaches may be associated with it. Please get the opinion of the Neurologist who will be able to rule out Seizures and decide whether you need to start on medications again. A repeat Brain Imaging might be necessary to determine about Granuloma or other causes which can lead to seizures. Also keep a close watch on the Blood sugar levels as increased blood sugar levels alone can precipitate Seizures. Hope this helps!

input: I ve been going to the gym (cardio and weights) I have a slight pain on the right side with a lump type feel. It is located right below my ribcage. when I was on the elliptical yesterday my heart rate went up to 155 during the tough workout. should I be concerned.
output: Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of you. As to let you know one of the primary act is thorough musculoskeletal assessment is advised and also the cardiac clearance before undergoing gym. It is on a safer side to get clearance and then proceed. As mentioned by you that you have a pain under the rib cage or below it, it could be most of the time a muscular pain. Due to overtraining there will be a sudden muscle spasm due to stretch contract mechanism on the elliptical. Taking a rest with hot water fermentation should reduce the pain and after 3 days you can go back to gym. Also, if the pain doesn't come down, than taking up a thorough musculoskeletal and cardiac assessment is advised on a safer side. Since you have discomfort on the right side, the worry is less, may be just a muscle spam on the right Hyperion Chat Doctor.  It should subside in short time. This is on of the common injury in gym, as the body is not prepared to undergo the stress & strain on the muscles. Undergoing slow and steady training under guidance will help avoid such injuries in the future. RegardsJay In

input: I am 34, male, healthy.. I have been ADHD my whole life... I was taking 25mg Adderall....time release capsule.. good on stomache pains, but not lasting long... now im on 20mg twice a day.. IR... stomach sucks... what can i do... is there a big difference between Generic ... and Adderall
output: Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  Ad Chat Doctor.  You should know that these problems are not mental diseases, but are mental disorders. Many researches and researchers confirm that medicines alone cannot cure mental disorders. Exercise, Lifestyle changes, change in thinking pattern, relaxation etc. are as essential as medicines. Psychotherapy can help you to change your lifestyle and thinking patterns. Yoga and meditation help you to streamline your metabolism and neurological balance. Please consult a psychologist for further information. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.

input: Hi I have a reddish brown circular rash that originally started between my breasts and now it is spreading down my back the best way to describe the rash is some parts look like pure circles and other circles have merged to make several blobbs from top of my back across shoulder blades and is itchy when Im warm
output: Hello, Thanks for the query, You might have developed fungal infection. The area under and around breast is very moist and is prone to develop these infections. Treatment can be with oral antifungals as well as with topical antifungals. Various antifungal powders like candid are available. These can help reduce the moisture as well as control the infection. Please don't use any steroid, it can worsen your conditionPlease meet a dermatologist for exact diagnosis. Let me know if you have any other doubt. You can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. 

input: hello my 5 month old grandson is being sent to a specialist for high levels of calcium and something about his thyroid. He was big when he was born and he s big now he weights 21 pounds and he cries a lot not as much as he used to. They thought he might have acid reflux but ... anyway what could it be? Nothing serious serious I hope
output: High calcium levels, or hyperkalemia as it is called, may be caused due to excess of certain hormones secreted by the parathyroid glands which are small dot like structures on the wall of the thyroid gland. Treatment depends on the magnitude of the problems caused. Appropriate HY Chat Doctor.  A vitamin D derivative called calcitonin can be given. Dialysis or destruction of the parathyroid glands may be required in more extreme cases. Please remain in the follow-up of your doctor, and he will be better able to explain the gravity of the scenario and its management.

input: Me and my boyfrnd were having sometime togthr sexually. he did not enter me fully. but we just tried putting the penis tip into my vagina. he came after taking it out. (we are sure about that. ). there was some cum above my pubic region but not anywer near to my vagina. and also it was a dry process. i was not having any lubrication at all. is der ny chance of getting pregnant? we also came to knw abt the precum and its chances to make pregnant. we r little worried. kindly give an answer as soon as possible.
output: Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion there are rare chances of pregnancy. Usualy there is scope for pregnancy when semen is ejaculated inside the vagina during the fertile period. There is very rare chance when then semen outside the vagina resulting in pregnancy. Byt anyway confirmation is done by a urine pregnancy test. The test needs to be done a week after missed period if at all the period is missed. The first sign of pregnancy is missed period. Other signs of pregnancy like nausea, vomitings, increased urination, sore breasts start 2 weeks after missed period In case of pregnancyAnyway overall the chance of pregnancy is very rare. So avoid stress and wait and check for the period. Hope this helps. Best regards...

input: I am always tired, exhausted. I can t walk up stairs without getting out of breath and feeling like I m about to pass out. (I ve been diagnosed with orthostatic hypotension??.) I feel like everything drains out of me when I walk, even slowly, upstairs. Even if it s only a few steps. I m breathing hard, hr goes way up and I feel like my blood pressure plummets.usually can t stand up straight until it goes away and feel like my legs are going to give out on me. Also if I squat down everything starts to go black when I stand back up. All my labs are normal and cardiac said my heart is fine altho it did show some tachy some brady and pvc s. My EKG showed a short PR. What is wrong with me??
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion you should consult cardiologist and get done1. 2d echo2. Stress test3. Holder monitoring (24 hour recording of ECG)4. Coronary angiography SOS (if required). You are having irregular heartbeat with orthostatic hypotension, this suggests possibility of arrhythmia or coronary artery disease (CAD). So better to get done above investigations first and diagnose yourself and start appropriate treatment. So consult cardiologist and discuss all these.

input: I am a generally articulate person, but recently I feel as if i am unable to find the exact words to express my thoughts in a timely manner, and sometimes have to restart sentences multiple times; someone told me these could be symptoms of pregnancy? If I were pregnant it would be less than a month since conception, so would these symptoms arise that early?
output: These symptoms can occur in early pregnancy, but first you need to confirm your pregnancy by a urine test or an ultrasound

input: Hi, I need an advice regarding the possibility of being pregnant. I m a virgin. Me and my boyfriend were messing around yesterday somewhat and things got a bit *hot*. We didn t have penetrative sex, but he fingered me and I gave him a handjob. He touched his penis- while pulling it out of his pants- but then I immediately started giving him a handjob so the contact was brief and I don t think there was any precum as his penis was not even fully erected yet. After a few moments he began unzipping my jeans, etc (so he definitely has brushed his fingers against my clothes) and then fingered me (but not very deep). Also it was day 21 of my cycle (usually my cycle varies from 27 to 31 days, so I guess my ovulation should has happened already). I understand that chances of me getting pregnant are very low but still... should I be worried?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about pregnancy. For pregnancy, Intercourse in vagina and ejaculation of semen in the vagina is must. This should be happened during Fertile period (ovulatory) period of your cycle. Since you don't have Intercourse in vagina and you're were not in your Fertile period, no need to worry about pregnancy. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: can i use nicip tablet for hot boil,, i have got a hot boil on my eye,, which has become so big and is paining a lot my email address is YYYY@YYYY Ive been using this tablet since two days,, but there is no use.. Please help me out.. thank u so much
output: Hello, Let me tell you that NICAP is an anti-inflammatory analgesic agent, and it can relieve pain and inflammation, but it can not cure the boil. I suggest start taking Definite tablet twice daily for three days, and you are also advised to do hot fomentation on the boil 2-3 times daily. It will help relieve the symptoms and cure the boil. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: I had a spider bite brown recluse most likely had it lanced and drained spent 6 days in the hospital been home for about a week now i have 3 abcess on my leg one was very large and painful it just burst before i was able to go to the doctotor, but unlike wen they drained the spider bite that was full of puss and some blood this was full of brite red blood and alot of it and it has continued to blled since it burst about 11 hrs ago?
output: HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Discharge from an infected area would contain a mixture of pus and blood, so it is not unusual that blood was present in the abscess. You may still need to see your doctor because even though the abscess burst some pockets of pus may still be present that would need removal. Additional antibiotics may be needed. I hope this helps

input: I am a 25y/o female and i have a knot/lump on the back of my neck below my hairline. I have had it for a few days now, it came out of nowhere. The size is smaller than a pea and sometimes I feel a slight burning sensation coming from it. What could it be?
output: Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You mostly have posterior cervical lymph node enlargement. ITIS due to some infection in head and neck area.  You should complete a course of antibiotics. If it doesn't respond to treatment then biopsy diagnosis is advisable. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: good morning sir, sir my father was suffering for kidney parenchymal disease so he was problem with pains of both legs,chest pain ,blood test result are urea-69 mg%,creatinine-2.8mg%,uric acid-8.4& rbs-78mg%,Hb%-9.4  urine routine test is normal o he was suffers big problem he was medcines taken ultracet,folic acid tab,nodon tab,etc.... sir but he was taken medcine but not cure what is problem plz details me sir,
output: Hi, Your serum urea, creatinine is at higher side. So it is suggestive of deterioration of kidney function. Underlying because specific treatment should be priority. Diabetes and hypertension are common cause for that. Your physician should check your blood pressure and medication given for that if needed. I suggest you consult Urologist for examination.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My husband had bronchitis 2 months and has asthma. He was a firefighter for 10 yrs several years ago. Since his recent sickness, he hasn t felt right and now says it feels like he is breathing through cobwebs or cotton candy, fiberglass type of feeling in the upper part of his chest. Some days are worse than others. What could this be?
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your husbands situation and problem. By your history and description, in my opinion he might be having worsening of underlying asthma and bronchitis. Lung infection is the most common cause for worsening. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray 3. PUT (Pulmonary Function Test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection. PFT is needed to rule out worsening of bronchitis. He may need antibiotics, antihistamines and additional inhaled bronchodilators for better symptomatic relief. Hope I have solved your query. Wishing good health to your husband. Thanks.

input: hiya i have a 1 yr old girl who has a bit of a cold she has a runny nose very snoty when sneezing there is a little bit of blood there i took her doctors yesturday for this and asked for something for her and they told me there is nothing they can give her what is ur opinion
output: Hi, As per your query, your child has symptoms of runny nose and sneezing which is due to upper respiratory infection.  Need not worry. I would suggest you visit Pediatrician once and get it examined. You should get routine blood tests done to check the level of infection and start treatment accordingly. You should avoid the use of spicy, sharp oily and fried food substances. Furthermore, you should take a combination of antibiotic Levofloxacin along with anti-inflammatory medication. Furthermore, you should avoid cold carbonated beverages. Apply mist humidifiers in the room. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: My husband has 895 Gamma Gt. He is 55 years old. Has been dinking for 30 year and has stopped since 3 months because he suffer from Cluster headaches. Sgot:: 73, Sgpt: 146. More than this, the last test he had shows a risk with an arter of heart. Thanks for your help! He is also smoker!
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. Your husband has s definitely at high risk. Noted 30 year of alcohol Chat Doctor. So he could have fatty liver or cirrhosis like condition.USG witChatDoctorplete liver profile done. Second because of smoking and alcohol is at the high risk for ischemia heart disease. I will advise you to do your husbands serum lipid profile also and measures blood pressure. If both are high then treated accordingly like with that of statin and amlodipine like antihypertensive 

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...I believe I have acid reflux which is affecting my gums and teeth.  I am scheduled to have eight teeth and toris removed this wednesday.  Do you see a problem having the oral surgery done?
output: Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. In acid reflux the teeth will get damaged secondary to the acid attack on the teeth resulting in erosion of the teeth. If sufficient tooth structure is there, then we can save the teeth by doing RCT. If the tooth structure is not there then it has to be removed. The teeth can be removed and Tori can also be removed but the antibiotics and analgesics should be of lower dose since this will cause gastric irritation and may cause vomiting and heart burn or gastric pain. Even the painkillers prescribed after the surgical procedure can worsen the acid reflux. So be careful and take precautions like antacids at regular intervals before the medications prescribed after surgery. I hope my answer will help you, take care.

input: Hi I have had a breast lump remove under general anaestic 5 days ago . I feel the same as I did when I came out of surgery Physically Fatigued! Im a very active 54 year old have a text booked blood pressure, I cant do daily shores or go back to work. I have difficulty getting out of bed and even having a shower!! Which Im fanatic about!! Please help!!
output: Hello! Thank you for the query. Please note that any surgery is an immense effort for whole organism. We can compare it to taking part in car accident for example. So this is a typical reaction for surgery. Your body needs to rest to get back to normal. It takes time and It's hard to accelerate it. So if you do not feel any part of your body weaker (like one leg or arm is weaker), no headache, no dizziness and pale skin, your heart rate is lower than 100, rest is all you need. If any of mentioned symptoms is present, you should consult your doctor right away as stroke or anemia are possible. Hope this will help. Regards.

input: worried about blood pressure for the last week as high as 160/104. Was normal one month ago at docters office. I am 50 years old, normal weight and healthy on vegetarian diet and exerise every day.Do have family history of high blood pressure, mother had problems starting about 40 year old    Should I have this checked out or give it some time?
output: Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern. I will try to explain and give you my opinion. We talk about hypertension if we have mean values that exceeds 140/90 mmHg. Hypertension is divided in two groups: essential or idiopathic hypertension without an identifiable cause and secondary hypertension, usually in young ages, meaning that is a secondary cause of it. This cause might be a renal disease, an endocrine problem, a cardiovascular pathology. As you explain, you are 50 years old, and you do have heredity for hypertension. According to this, I think we are dealing with essential hypertension. It is a chronic disease. It has not a definite cure, but it should be treated life long. In most cases' people with hypertension does not have any symptom but leaving this values untreated slowly modifies your heart muscle. So, if I was your treating doctor I will recommend a holder pressure monitoring for 24 h, to know your mean values day and night. A cardiac echo to evaluate heart chambers and a fool blood analyze. After having a fool view of the situation we can decide how to treat your hypertension. But my opinion is that you should do this thinks now and not leave them for the future because it is much better if we act and treat hypertension faster in time. Hope I was helpful. Wish you good health. Best regards.

input: Hello docotor, I am having severe abdominal pain for the last 2 weeks.  It is kind of vague contracting type of pain,  lasts only a few seconds then comes again, with lot of belching.  I consulted a gastroenterologist and he did an endoscopy, nothing was found, and the pain is still there.  I am taking, rabeprazole sodium and Cilakar.  I am having high blood pressures.  I just want to know what it could be?.  Is it due to BP or something else?.
output: Omeprazole can be taken. There can be many reasons for abdominal pain. Alcohol intake can also cause abdominal pain. Rarely, high BP can cause ischemia of the intestinal walls causing pain.it depends on the age.

input: sir my child suffering in gall bladder stone since 2 years ,it found in 15 days back after diegonised the size of the stone is 7mmx6mm and 6mmto4mm in gall bladder,so many dr adivace to take a remedies not foe surgery plz advice me he is 8 old son.
output: Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Oral Ursodeoxycholicacid for period of 2 years may dissolve the gall stones. But the may recur after stopping the treatment. Obstruction of bile ducts by gall stones may be relieved by ERS following ERCP (endoscopic procedure) or Lithography to break stones into small particles so that they will be excreted in feces. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics

input: I have a lump on the left side of my shoulder a little near my neck inside the collarbone. When it first happened 3 days ago my collarbone and my neck hurt...I wonder where it comes from and there is not any more real pain but I take ibuprofen....What should I do??? It seems like it will go away but I don t know.
output: Hi ! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. From your history, I feel that possibly you have got a lymph node inflamed in your neck region, which could be due to any infection in the Chat Doctor.  If I were your doctor, I would do a general physical examination of yours with special attention to your head and neck region along with the oral cavity, and would consider advising you for a short course of broad spectrum antibiotic along with an anti-inflammatory 

input: I woke up yesterday morning with a few red bumps on my lips & hands let it go for a few hours and my whole body was covered but my mid- stomach& back and my lower legs. Ive been treated for allergic reaction since I was a kid due to contact with certain soaps & etc.. I get a steroid & Benadryl next day it usually cleared right up. This time I  Went to the doctor this and told her the only things Ive done differenly at home is bought a new scented dryer sheet and I used rubbling alcohol on my face the night before as well as using hydrogen peroxide as a oral rinse. She than prescribed me prendisone for it for a week. 40mg -2days than 30mg 2 days and so on till its gone. Its been 24 hours and my rash isnt any better & seems worse, Im extremely, nauseous & very tired and irritable is this normal if not what should I do???
output: Hi, rash following contact with a new antigen is presumed to be allergic. You should at least have responded to steroid by now. Since there is no response, the possibility of other causes of rash like a viral rash should be considered. Watch out if you develop fever or pains. If that happens, revisit your doctor. Hope this helped.

input: I have gallstones. Should I get my gallbladder taken out? II have gallstones. Should I get my gallbladder taken out? I have only had the one attack (which landed me in the ER). I have heard so many "horror stories" about the surgery that I am afraid to have it done. Can they do the laparoscopic surgery on me if I am overweight? I watched the procedure being done on youtube and I noticed that they place three clamps on the duct before cutting it loose. Do these stay in the body or are they removed? How risky is the surgery and what are the possible complications? How long is the recovery time because I have a two year old son to care for?
output: Hi, Your symptoms may be suggestive of gallbladder stones, so you should do at least ultrasound or CT scan to evaluate it more accurately. This is caused by stone in bile duct and is very common condition.  You need to change your dietary habits first. You need to avoid fried food, carbonated Chat Doctor.  Furthermore, you should eat more milk products, vegetables and boiled food. If there is no improvement on lifestyle or dietary changes, then surgery is recommended. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards,

input: i have a pain the is becoming increasingly worse in the last day, it feel like a pulled muscle ( i m very active) however it is tender to the touch also if I cough it hurt. Its located under my lower rib cage and continues just below.. if I squeeze my side I can fill the tissue is tighter has a know,, maybe I have a knot in my oblique? but why is it getting worse
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. By your history and description, in my opinion you are mostly having musculoskeletal pain. But we need to rule out pneumonia as it can cause pleurisy (inflammation of pleura) and chest pain on coughing. So get done chest x-ray first. If chest x-ray is normal then no need to worry about pneumonia. You are having chest pain due to excessive coughing. So start antihistamines for suppression of cough. Start painkiller and muscle relaxant. Apply warm water pad on affected site. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Don't worry, you will be alright.

input: Had dental  procedure six days  ago. I am resistant to  the local anesthetics and required quite a bit  more  ( 7 injections) to eliminate pain, was a little foggy  when I left there.  ( this resistance  is normal for me).  I had a perio  cleaning, a molar extraction, and a bone graft implanted.  The dentist closed with stitches.  Because I had  a perio  deep cleaning on the other side of my mouth and have an aortic valve  surgery scheduled in a month, I have been on amoxicillin for 2 weeks and just finished that today.  Note that I do not get headaches.  Ever.       After the extraction, I have not had pain or  problems with the wound itself , nor fever or sickness, however, I have had a mostly-pressure headache constantly for the entire week, and it does not seem to be lessening.  It is not sharp like a migraine must be, but I  also seem to have a  light-sensitivity going on as well as the tension-type headache.
output: Hello, Your surgery is still considered recent, and you are in an initial healing stage. It is not uncommon for you to experience some discomfort. Take anti-inflammatory medication and finish all medication as prescribed. Report your condition to your treating dentist. This is the best recommendation for evaluation post surgery. Upper extractions and surgery raise some concern if there is a sinus complication during the healing process. Do you experience any congestion in your sinus area?  This can explain a pressure headache. It is not unusual to experience a pressure sensation with a large amount of inflammation after multiple dental procedures. Again, anti-inflammatory medication may help you deal with this discomfort and your discomfort should continue to decrease with time. There is greater concern if you feel this condition is worsening. Thank you for your inquiry. Please schedule a follow-up visit with your dentist.

input: My daughter-in-law had a baby 2 months ago. At that time she had a prolapsed Uterus and started hemorrhaging. She was given 4 units of blood. She now is having severe breathing problems but all the pain she is having has now moved to right below her Right shoulder blade and around her upper right quadrant.
output: Hello, Most probably it will be a contusion or musculoskeletal pain. As of now, you can use analgesics/anti-inflammatory combination like diclofenac/serratiopeptidase for symptomatic relief.  If symptoms persist better to consult an orthopedic and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Dr Lundi,Hello. I am nineteen years old and for the past few years I have been having these sudden sharp, pin-pricking pain in my left breast only. These are not related to my menstrual cycle. Theyre totally random. Just comes out of nowhere and goes away suddenly as well. Also I have this clear watery fluid coming out of my left nipple and occasionally the right one, ONLY on squeezing them. I also have these two tiny lumps joined together, painful when pressed, in my left breast. Ive noticed them for about a couple of years now, and there hasnt been any change in their size.  I had a mammogram done of my left breast but the reports were normal. I am really scared if its breast cancer. I would appreciate some help.Thanking you.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having some chronic soft tissue infection of your breasts. You require evaluation of your case. Consult your GAEC and get your breasts examined thoroughly. If require you may require Mammogram again. Ok and take care.

input: I am a firefighter, and i know it puts a lot of strain on joints. However over the last month or so I have noticed my the inner most side of my elbow (if extended) appears slightly swollen, kinda "squishy", and is tender to touch as if it was a bruise. However it has not changed.I have also noticed a "knot" on the top of my shoulder that is tender to touch and that my should cracks a lot more, and "pop" in a lot more places then before.
output: Hi I am Chat Doctor. .  I hope you feel better soon, I think you may have arthritis or tendinitis as they may show your symptoms.  You may use painkillers (NSAIDs) like Tylenol 400 mg tabs when needed as they will help in reducing your pain and inflammation, hot gentle massages with topical anti-inflammatory gels, muscle relaxants, B12 vitamin supplements will be effective for most of the cases. In more chronic and severe cases steroid tabs or injections may be prescribed if required.  If these knots persists or increase in mass I recommend some lab investigations and X-ray and follow them up with your orthopedic for proper evaluation and management. Please click and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Wish you good health, Any further clarifications feel free to ask.

input: Should a person see a doctor if they have a large (1 1/2 round by 3/4 high) hematoma on the cheek bone caused by a fall? What can be done for it? Will it dissipate by itself? If so, how long should it take? What kind of doctor should this person see?
output: Hello, Hematoma is nothing but a collection of blood. Generally, it will settle by itself in three to four days. As of now, you can apply ice packs for symptomatic relief and faster recovery. If swelling persists, you can consult a dental surgeon and evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hello,I am looking for a solution to my severe jaw and temple pain. I recently got a crown put in on my right lower molar, it has been nearly two weeks and Im still experiencing severe jaw pain. Im having trouble opening my mouth to eat and Im taking 800 mg ibuprofen for the pain but as soon as it wears off, the pain is unbearable. Ay suggestions?
output: Hello there, Thanks for writing your query, Pain in the jaw and temple area post crown placement on the tooth indicates problem with the crown coverage. If the prosthetic crown is not in CAUSAL HARMONY with the jaw it leads to pain and discomfort during chewing and clenching. The crown needs to be evaluated for any high points and sharp margins that interfere with the normal occlusion. Consult a dentist and get the crown examined, SELECTIVE GRINDING of the crown will help in resolving the problem. I hope this helps, take care.

input: my left and right foot keep twitching. It doesnt actually move, it just feels like the muscle is randomly contracting and relaxing. Ive not experienced any other symptoms. This twitching started at night about a week ago and now occur randomly throughout the day.
output: Dear patient muscle twitching is common sign of deficiency of serum calcium i.e. hypocalcemia. It is also common in patients with anxiety and stress. Are u anxious or in stress? Does this twitching occur only when you are free and thinking over? If yes its sign of anxiety. I would like to advise serum calcium levels to rule out hypocalcemia. Meanwhile start tab shell 500 mg twice a day with tab Clairol 60000 units once a week for 4 weeks. Visit to your nearby physician will be helpful.

input: Hello, My daughter is 2.5 years old and she started having fever around week back.  She was consulted with a pediatric and got some medicines.  The fever subsided for a few days and then came back again strongly.  Did Blood work for Dengue.  The result is as follows Dengue Antibody IGM is 17.5 PB units, ESR 95mm/hr, platelets 3.42 lak. Is this a dengue fever?
output: Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your dengue IGM is positive.  You are suffering from dengue.  No need to worry.  Just Chat Doctor.  Take antipyretic as and when required. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.

input: Ok need help I had a yeast infection used 1 diflucan which I told my MD that I needed the 2 dose pack but only prescribed the 1 then it wasnt getting any better then I scratched and I got a tear and its near the area where urine comes out and burns like crazy!  tried vaseline, neosporin, and even putting a bandaid over the slit on my inner labia magor, now my question is what can I use to help with the sting from urine?????? Can I use liquid bandage?
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The history and symptoms are suggestive of severe fungal infection, you require physical examination to know the extent and spread of fungal infection. This area is prone for fungal infection as it is a normal communal free genital which are kept under control by helpful organism. Whenever there is a change in environment it will activate and produces the symptoms. For your symptoms I would suggest you to undergo KOH mount to know the hype, and we can plan for the treatment. You can keep the area clean and Chat Doctor.  Apply antifungal cream over the lesions along with antihistamines to reduce the symptom of itching. Thank you.

input: I am in Stage IV of Cirrhosis of the Liver/Autoimmune Hepatitis. My blood work came back positive a couple of weeks ago. My Dr is in Raleigh, NC and I just moved to Atlanta, GA a couple of weeks ago. My Dr in Raleigh said it was imperative that I seek a Dr here in Atlanta or neaby. Can you recommend a Dr to me. I am also on Medicaid. Thank you.
output: Hi and thanks for the query, It is important to know what came back positive in the blood work up.  Was it an infection or was it the presence of absence of viral ;particles? It is important to know what was positive exactly in order to institute an appropriate treatment. Antibiotics are needed in case of infection and antiviral agents, and at times liver transplants in some cases could be offered. More information is required and seek the opinion of your gastroenterologist. Kind regards

input: Hi, I have been taking anti-depressents for Anxiety and know they have sexual side effects but they side affects have increased my sexual desire greatly and now it won t go away to point it is painful to have this feeling in me. I have told my doctor and he said it is probably not related to the medication and is just a coincindence. What ways can I fix this urge? Any medication etc?
output: Hi, Antidepressants usually cause sexual dysfunction in the form of loss of libido (low sexual Chat Doctor. Increased sexual 

input: Have right foot pain for approximately two weeks, on 2/28 my foot pain woke me in the middle of the night. My foot was very swollen and tender to the touch. Went to the ER, doctor diagnosed me as having Gout, took my blood and wrote me a prescription for indomethacin. At my follow up visit with my regular doctor, she said no way gout , blood is below the range and u don t fall in usual gout criteria. Took X-rays of the foot, no broken bones. Now is sending me to podiatrist, what is wrong with it?
output: Hello, Did you have a history of trauma, fall, or long walking or running lately? From the information you gave, the first diagnosis that comes in my mind is arthritis of the foot bones, could be mid-foot, forefoot or hind foot. Normally, in the x-ray that you did arthritis should have been visible. The second option is stress fracture of foot bones, but only if you had prolonged walking or running recently. This cannot be seen on x-ray, but only on bone CT scan or scenography. There is even more rare disease such as infection or tumors that need to be distinguished. Maybe the podiatrist will order these examinations and blood work for you to diagnose and treat your condition. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: My name is Hassaan. I am 26 years old Boy. I never have Sex. I have a problem when I masturbate, after masturbating I feel little pain in my chest on rite side near nipple. and My rite breast is more bigger than left side.And I notice that my rite side breast is gradually increase in size. Kindly Tell Me what it is ?
output: Hi, You should consult with your physician and to run further tests to determine why your right breast is increasing: - breast ultrasound-chest X-ray- cardiac tests (EKG, stress test, Holder monitoring, cardiac echo). The diagnosis will be made based on the test results. To my opinion, it might be lipoma or other tum oral types. Hope it was of help! Chat Doctor. 

input: After washing my underpants I kept them to dry , to my surprise I see thousands of red ants around it. Is that a sign of becoming Diabetic ?? Is it any thing to do with diabetes ? I started washing it with warm water but after washing it also Red ants around it making me scared . Kindly answer
output: Red ants or for that matter any ant will get attracted to urine containing sugar (glucose) and the underpants soiled with such urine. Go for urine routine examination to confirm Glycosidic. You may be diabetic or having renal glycosidic. The next step would be estimation of blood sugar fasting and postprandial. If inconclusive go for Glucose tolerance test with 75 G of glucose.

input: I WOKE UP WITH SEVERE BACK BACK PAIN ON sUNDAY AM RIGHT UNDER THE RIB CAGE. I HAVE HAD LIQUID DIARRHEA SINCE Monday AM WITH SEVERE HEADACHES, LOTS OF NIGHT SWEATING AND A HEATING PAD SEEMS TO HELP MY BACK. I AM 51 YEARS OLD CAN THIS BE PERIMENOPAUSE?
output: Apart from diarrhea every thing else you have described fits into the premenopausal symptoms description

input: I am aged 42, Male, Diabetic for the past 8 years (Gycomet GP1 tablets 1-0-1 half an hour before food ). When i checked my Hb1Ac last (end Feb13) it showed a reading of 7.3.  My BMI is 20.5 Last month end i did a TMT test as part of my companys periodic health checkup  and the result was Negative. The doctor said that i had done well!  I worked out for more than 10.5 minutes and in the last stage of the TMT test my BP was 90/160. It is normal ?  where during normal times my BP reading was 80/130. In the abdomen ultrasound it showed a subcortical cyst in the lower pole of the right kidney measuring 1.7cm x 1.8cm with a calcific speck seen on the wall of the cyst. Is this something to worry about? Do i need to consult anyone for this ? All my blood work result was normal. Also, all the other organs as per whole abdomen US scan was normal. P.S., Chennai, India
output: Hi friend, Welcome to Chat Doctor Heart rate and Blood pressure MUST rise during TMT - if not, it is heart disease! Your test is normal / you have reversed the values - it must be 130/80 - NOT 80/130 - the higher figure is systolic and comes first. The cyst is not big / on the cortex and calcified mean simple / nothing to do except repeat after one year...if symptomatic, see Urologist... Watch your lipids... Take tarnishing speedy recovery God bless Good luck

input: Hi I am a 22 year old female that was diagnost with HPV and I have a orange pink discharge and lost of pain in my lower stomach I had a pap one year ago that came back irregular I m worried that I have cancer does this sound like I have cervical cancer
output: Hi welcome to ChatDoctoryour symptoms are related to infection in the cervix by HPV. Start taking medication as suggested by your doctor. You need a periodical pap smear and ultrasound abdomen for early diagnosis of cervical dysplasias thereby cancer.thank you

input: I have discovered a lump inside my left buttock which is causing me discomfort and soreness when pressed. On examination it seems to have spread from where bottom of my spinal area meets the top of my bottom. There is no visible redness or boil like things on the outer of my skin. Could this just be a cyst or something more serious?
output: Hi.it is best if you have it checked by a physician. Based from your description, it could just be a simple cyst or an abscess. A physical examination by your clinician would be of great help. Diagnostic evaluation such as photocopy and imaging, and management (medical or surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: hellomy wife was told that her ultrasound showed an unremarkable cyst or growth and her doctor said that it was small. She has been experiencing back pain at the end of her period, other than that she has no other symptoms. She had 2 CA125 tests that showed her protein to be high. Can this be due to cancer or are there other reasons for these results?
output: Hi, Ovarian cyst is a common phenomenon. Ultrasound can reliably differentiate between a benign ovarian cyst with some other suspicious ovarian tumors. CA-125 very often increased in many non-malignant causes. Mastectomy may be an option in treatment of ovarian cyst, but that can be decided by your gynecologist. If any suspicious lesion is found on imaging more radical surgery should be done and pathology report should be obtained. Consult your gynecologist.

input: When I get extremely upset, which is not often, I experience a tingling sensation on the back of my scull. Recently it happened but this time I felt it all over my whole body. Its not painful it just feels like the sensation you might feel if your foot falls asleep. It goes away when I calm down. What could be causing this? Am I having a panic or anxiety attack? Should I see my doctor and if so will he be able to find out whats wrong if it is in fact a physiological condition? I have an iron defficiency, but im otherwise in good health.
output: Dear thank you for sharing with us your health problem. Iron deficiency cant explain the symptoms you are experiencing. My recommendation is to explore thyroid function (T3,T4,TSH) if there come normal than you are experiencing a panic disorder. You should avoid caffeine Chat Doctor. 

input: Ive been to a urologist and we covered everything. Prostate exam, xrays, and ultra sound... diagnosis unsure, so doc gave me a month of antibiotics 3 months. I finished the meds but here I am again with the same pain in testicles and abdomen. Ouch! Pain maybe 7, testicles feel heavy... please help.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query. Noted your history and understood the concerns. You have already seen the urologist and undergone all the necessary tests, prostate, X-rays, ultrasound yet the diagnosis was unsure. So the Urologist gave you a long courses of antibiotics, but the pain is here again 7 on a scale of 10. The pain in the testicles and abdomen with feeling of heaviness indicate that there may be either a local problem which can be diagnosed by MRI of the scrotum. If there is a doubt, there is always a chance to take a second opinion of another Urologist or a senior General Surgeon. Scrotal support to elevate off the weight is also needed.

input: Hello Doctor!I am suffering from Kidney from last 10 years and I am on regular CAPD.I have rashes on my back and areas around spine. Tried scabies treatment of Elimite (my nephro consultation) but did not work. I have had many a times Pseudomonas Aeroguinosa infection of the bladder many times. I think it is folliculitis problem because all the symptoms are same as mentioned on various websites.First there is a small tiny and very itchy bump and after few days it develops pain grows bigger and after that it dries.There are many tiny itchy bumps developing on my back and thighs thus causing a lot of itchyness. Please help me.
output: HIT hank for choosing ChatDoctorChronic renal problem later or sooner causes some kind of skin manifestation, in certain cases, you need to see the renal function test, if turned abnormal then correct it, you can have words with your nephrologist, for the scabies" Gama benzine lotion would be very nice to apply this all over the body at night for three days, wash your linen in hot water, treat all the garment with chlorohexadine solution, you will get the nice result, have good day.

input: My 7 year old has a bad cough it s all day long barely able to reduce it with cough syrup or drops and now complains it hurts in his temples when coughing should I be concerned and take him to the ER ? Or should I just set up an appointment and try to keep him comfortable till then?
output: dont worry just keep him  ChatDoctor. 

input: I have a history of Thyroid cancer.. I am post treatment 9 years.. I recently had a MRI done and it said few scattered subcentimeter lymph nodes within the neck soft tissues.. should I be worried? Should it be checked further? Thanks for your time. . YYYY@YYYY
output: Sub centimeter nodes doe snot mean anything. To tell lymph node enlarged, it should be more than 1.5 cm. hence, I advise to followup after 3 month with neck MRI and monthly to examined by the doctor to see any enlargement of lymph node

input: can severe pain and mild swelling with warmth central located in the most tender spot, be torn rotator cuff. and exhibit serious pain 8 months after a serious fall which resulted in a broken shoulder on opposite side. I have unexplained pain 10+ scale. Regular xray yesterday showed no fractures, no arthritis. Can you get a rotator cuff tear and have no symptoms and then with out additional injury or unusually use begin exhibiting pain as severe as the broken extremity from last Halloween
output: healthier is difference in rotator cuff tear and supraspinatus tendinitis, whereas in former the movement of shoulder is impaired especially abduction and rotation while lifting arm sideways, in tendinitis there is pain and movements may be painful and not restricted as such, an MRI may distinguish the two. So consult a shoulder surgeon or orthopedic surgeon. In your case, it may be tendinitis. Take Advil thrice a day after meals for 7 days and do hot fomentation, rest arm in a broad arm sling for 10 days., it may help but if not go to orthopedic doctor for investigation. Also apply anti-inflammatory gel like voltarenthanks

input: Hi. I had a housemate who had this grotty blistery thing all over his feet, which I seem to have caught. I had hoped that when he moved out it would have cleared up, which is not the case. Between the toes, and on the side of my foot Ive had several outbreaks, and when the blisters burst it seems to spread. The blisters and sites in general are very itchy. In the last week I had a large one of these blisters develop on the bottom of my foot, and when it burst it has become quite painful and red and seems to be infected. The skin around this area is also very itchy and is painful to walk on. In the last two weeks I have been working in a very dirty workshop, which would include exposure to dust, dirt and chemicals, and since my work boots are old and full of holes it is more than possible that some of this stuff has gotten into my shoes and to the infected site.Now, Im planning on going to the free university doctor on Monday, because as a student I cant afford to go to one of the emergency weekend docs, so I would like to know if there is anything I can do to reduce swelling or fight infection in the meantime.Thanks muchly :)
output: Hi there, As you have rightly concluded, we need to deal with the wound infection first, and deal with the blisters later when your university doctor can have a look at it.  What I would recommend right now is some anti-inflammatory tablets like diclofenac or even ibuprofen to help deal with the swelling and pain on walking.  For the infection itself, if you could get your hands on some antibiotic cream like mupirocin or acidic acid it would be useful to apply it twice a day to help control the infection.  If you are not able to get the antibiotic cream, find yourself some antiseptic cream with chlorhexidine or iodine to just help kill off whatever surface bacteria is there.  Try to clean the wound twice a day with some antiseptic solution to just get rid of any discharge and bacteria that is collecting on the surface.  Keep it as Chat Doctor. Your university doctor would reassess it on Monday and be able to prescribe you oral antibiotics if needed, and further treatment for the blisters itself. Hope this helps.

input: trying for a baby i am 24 years old i have been trying for a baby since september no luck so far, i have been getting 2 periods a month, i am very emotional and finding it hard to cope with all the negative tests, its breaking my heart, i look at other girls and think why them and not me i want it soo bad, but its happening to everyone around me it ferls like im falling in a downward spiral of depression
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query and Would like to reply in detail as follows:1. Get HSG done to check tubal patency.2. Get husbands semen analysis done. I hope your doubt is clarified. Let me know if you wish any other information.

input: Hello . My mum has cirrhosis of the liver and has been in and out of hospital for months . She was so so ill couldn.t eat drink walk messing etc . Doctor had diagnosed mum as having a few weeks this was over two weeks ago .She is on morphine patches .but all of a sudden the last few days shes walking eating well drinking chatting laughing like shes getting better. I just don.t understand what is going on? The district nurse mentioned getting the hospice nurses in now but she seems like shes getting better . Please could you let me know if this is normal Thank you
output: Hi thanks for asking question. Noted your mother having liver cirrhosis. Usually if diet control and lifestyle measures are taken then survival can be longer. It is good to see that your mother is improving. But cirrhosis is not cured ... If she developed any complication like varietal bleeding or ascites then consult your doctor for its management.Meanwhile, take low fat diet. Green leafy veg and fruits useful. Transfat avoided like cheese, burger, chips, meat etc... In diet minimal oil taken, and only good oil used like peanut or sunflower oil. She can do mild exercise. Wishing her good health. Take care.... Chat Doctor. 

input: good night i have been haing  yeast infections on and off for yeas i did a paps mare and the result says abnormal bacteria . i have done test for std,hiv and aids they all came out negitave.my partner penis is often chafed and i also feel chafed inside and somtimes itching.i dont know what to do anymore i have tryed it all please help me
output: Hello appreciate your concernRecurrent yeast infection can be related to diabetes or low immunityThis could be due to PID, fungal infection like candida or bacterial vaginosis would like further information to guide you Bettencourt age and complete medical history would advise you for few investigations like blood for hemoglobin CBC Liver function test, blood sugar, urine culture and sensitivity test and vaginal swab for culture and KOH fixation testy may require a course of antibiotics or antifungal either in the form of oral Chat Doctor. 

input: My grandson when he was born had a small opening on top of his nose.  The doctor said it was a tract that didnt completely develop.  Hes now 18 months old and has developed an infection and the bridge of his nose is swollen and at the hospital getting an iv of antibiotics.  what is this tract?
output: For an infection and swelling of nose you can give your grandson some antibiotic preferably syrup moxikind-cv or syrupzifi-cv after expert advice along with syrup ibugesic-plus or syrup broken junior for pain and swelling. Do hot water fomentation over the local site.

input: Hello. For the last 2 months I ve had major problems with my left knee. Can t lift leg up from a seating position. It feels like its going to hyperextend when I walk. Can t walk normal anymore. Not sure if I tore or separated a mcl or something. The main problem is that it s not getting any better.
output: Hello, What I understand that the knee is too weak now to take the weight of the rest of the bones below the knee. Are you having any kind of pain? What is your age and are you having any signs of high blood pressure or diabetes?  Kindly get it Physically examined by an orthopedist and do an MRI scan of the knee. The history sounds more of the full ligament tearing. Taking immediate action will be good as if avoided later the knee internal structures which are of course soft tissue will get damaged and land into the early signs of Osteoarthritis of knee and will demand knee replacement. The earlier, the better. Take an MRI and meet up and orthopedist at the earliest for the better outcome of the treatment. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor. 

input: Both my son and I woke up feeling fine on Monday give it an hour after being up we both now have fevers. Our heads were hurting really bad and our bodies are life less. We are more motivated today but his one eye is blood shot and my face , teeth still hurt. Is this something we should go get looked at or will this pass soon?
output: Hello, You both can have viral fever in which there is marked muscle weakness and so you need to take rest. I suggest you both to take Paracetamol 500 mg SOS for relief from fever. Take decongestant tablet of cold associated.  Chat Doctor.  If no improvement in three days than investigate with CBC, got, Sept, IG M Elisa dengue for primary work up. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further 

input: i did an iui on 9th jan & my dr has put me on microgest, last time when i was on microgest i was feeling sick but this time i have none of the side effects i had last time jus the white discharge & that also not as much as last time Do youthink i could be pregnant??
output: Hello, IUI may present like symptoms of pregnancy like implantation bleeding, menstrual delay, tenderness in breasts, nausea, fatigue, cravings and aversions. Consistently high body temperature may also observe. Please mention your symptoms. White discharge not a symptom of pregnancy. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: my son has been having pain in his right side and more into the middle of his abdomen.  He constantly feels like he is going to get sick.  He has missed 9 days of schoo counting today.  he has had a CT scan and an Ultrasound.  BotChatDoctore back fine.  They found enlarged limp nodes in that area.  I have heard many people say that they had the same thing and the results came back with these test that they didnt need their gallbladder out.  then they had a HIDA scan and it showed differently.  Once the  gallbladder was removed, they felt much better.  Help me please. more importanly, how can i help my son?
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and concern for your son. Young boy missing the school due to pain in abdomen on the right more in the middle of abdomen. Constant feeling of sickness. The CT scan and ultrasonography are not normal as there are few enlarged lymph nodes in the abdomen at the same site. The gall bladder must be normal and removing the gall bladder without any evidence of inflammation or stone is no reason to remove it for a school going child. The reason for the pain in abdomen is obvious. Get the relevant tests of blood, urine and stool, Tidal for Typhoid, Quantifier gold test for Tuberculosis, Ultrasonography guided FNAC ID the nodes are just bellowed the anterior abdominal wall. Give him a 7-day course of antibiotic, metronidazole, probiotic and anti-inflammatory medicines, review the size of the lymph nodes by ultrasonography. Give additional course of 2 more weeks and see the results. He will be fine by then. If there is no regression even after 3 weeks course, he needs Laparoscopic visualization of the abdomen, biopsy of the lymph nodes and then a definitive treatment as per the reports.

input: My GP has said for some time that I have an auto immune disorder . She doesn t seem to have a solution or name other than fibromyalgia. I have been diagnosed with many inflammatory diseases and am in nearly constant pain from one source or other. (Asthma, Fibrosis in Lungs, Arthritis (including spine and all joints), Fibromyalgia, Celiac Disease, Costochondritis). Any medications that have been able to provide relief my now be taking a toll on my liver and causing symptoms of failure according to my Dr. I am unsure what type of specialist I should be looking for to try to find a solution and some relief.
output: Thank you for your question! I understand your concern. Symptoms of fibromyalgia (FM) are diffuse pain all over the body with some tender points, joint pains, weakness, sleep disturbances and mood disturbances. They frequently interfere with our daily activities. First thing you have to know is FM is benign condition, but take long time to cure. Aerobic exercises, though give you pain and fatigue for short time, it will help you a lot to improve your condition. So, keep doing aerobic exercises. Maintaining regular time for sleeping also helps your condition. You can try amitriptyline tablets. Consult your physician to know the dosage according to your weight and symptoms severity. It is okay to follow up with your GP and there is no need of consulting a specialist. Wishing you fast recovery!

input: Hi, I am 16 years old. In the last two days I ve started to bleed from my vagina after I pee. I have the Implanon in my arm, have not had a period in 5 months and also I am bloating a lot in the abdomenal region. I am getting a knotting sensation in my rib/ lung area and stomach. And slight cramps, but next to none in my stomach. Have you any idea what the problem could be?
output: Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, such bleeding could be menses (irregular) and this is common phenomenon in this age, other abdominal symptoms are nothing to take anything with this, and neither this is to worry about anything, hope this information helps, take care and have a good day.

input: i am a 27 yrs old female from Nigeria, i have this rashes on my buttocks , which has been there for over 15years, i have tried all sort of creams and treatments on it, all to no avail, presently am using skin-neal cream, i have also tried funbact-A.. sometimes it goes off at the start of treatment, but surfaces back after some few days.... it does not itch me, but make me uncomfortable while undressing. please i need help from a dermatologist urgently.
output: Hi non-itchy irritable patch over the buttock can be localized chaotic patch.I think it is right for birth.in increases in size as age increases.it will more prominent in winter and rainy season. There is no permanent treatment for it. Use of Clemens oil before bath and use glycerin soap and apply amulet lotion in the morning and diprovate-g ointment in the night

input: I have a pain in my upper back with shortness of breath, also i have a dry cough . When i do any physical activity i feel dizzy  and sweat really fast . Im not over weight and i have just quit smoking about 1 week now . Should i go to my hospital now?
output: Hello, I have studied your case. You need to investigate for reason of shortness of breath and sweating, I will advise checking your BP, routine blood investigation and Eggs I will advise visiting doctor near you for checking your vitals. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care

input: Hi - i am 41, i had my child at the age of 24, and no children thereafter. we are planning for a child desparately now, but my gyna says my egg quality is poor, one miscarriage happened, one IUI failed, one IVF failed. doctors are saying i should go for donor egg, i am not in favor of this. my DH is health, he is 42, his sperm is perfectly fine. what should we do? SS
output: Hello SST hanks for writing to us with your health query. You should have testing of ovarian reserve. This is tested by measurement of a hormone called AMH (anti Mullein Hormone). It is also measured by AFC (astral follicular count) - counting number of astral follicles on ultrasound on day 2 of your cycle. Also, your capacity to produce good quality eggs can be judged easily by your response to the stimulation injections given for GUI and IVF. If your doctors have opined that your ovarian reserve is poor, you have to accept that. Supplements like DHEA might slightly improve this, but it is not proven conclusively. Yes, the answer for you is egg donation / adoption. Of course, the alternative is following your heart and going for more costly attempts at IVF knowing fully well that the odds are in favor of failure, not success. Hard as it is to arrive to terms with this, the earlier you do, the better. Take care.

input: Hi, I a having alot of symtoms that similar to HIV/aids and the main ones are my penis hurts, chest and back pain, ear and throat pain, fatigue. I have got tested for HIV and all the stds and they came back negative.Can u please tell me what can be the cause of these symptoms?
output: Hello dear, welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* There are different causes responsible for the same as - underlying Pyrex of unknown origin - deficiency of nutrients, vitamins, trace elements, minerals - low hemoglobin levels - others. Hope this may help you. Regards.

input: I have an allergic reaction when ever i go outside in the day light the lights in my house are not bright and i have been toldi have solar graphia how can i get this to go away because i want to be a normal kid again im Only 15 and i cant go to school because of this and i cant honestly do anything its ruineing my life to be honest
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, and thanks for posting your query to the forum. Your solar graphic is actually a problem of photo-dermatitis for which you are getting allergic reaction in sunlight exposure. Our human skin is a multi-layered structure, and it has tendency to wear and tear repeatedly on exposure to environmental factors. In certain situation when the exposure of the environmental factor is too high then the skin has the tendency to get red and itchy. These red areas appear as mild to moderate eruptions on exposed areas of body which are known as POLE. Simply saying sun burns. I would like to suggest you some more of remedies:1) SUN PROTECTION: by sun protection in form of proper covering and clothing. You must wear full sleeves clothes and gloves along with a hat every time you move out in sun. 2) Sunscreens: These do help but not as completely as covering body by clothes. Even then whenever the sunscreen is used-it should be used half an hour before going out as it requires 30 minutes to get activated.3) A LOT OF VITAMIN A and LYCOPENE IN DIET: Vitamin A plays a very important n role in sun protection. It along with certain antioxidants in our diet of fruits helps us best in reducing the damage to sunlight. SO I suggest you to have lot vitamin A and lycopene in diet. You should eat all fruits as well papaya, tomatoes and beat root containing these things in plenty.4) You can also have the antioxidant capsule but follow a good diet as the main part. Your tendency of sun burn will decrease slowly and might take multiple of months to get better form internally, so have patience as well best of measure as suggested above. I hope these information will help you. 

input: ate a piece of koko chocolate and i felt like scratching hello! i ate a piece of koko chocolate truffle and the next thing i felt my nipples hardened and i felt like scratching. was that an allergic reaction?
output: Hello, Did you experience the same before when taking cocoa chocolates. You can be ? Allergic to chocolates. Please go through an allergic study for chocolates. If you continue then please stop taking chocolates. Thankyou.

input: In early Spring, I had a very hard, dry cough which did not respond to antibiotics. Had every test and scan to eliminate everything, which they did. XRay showed pleural effusions. This has been drained twice but came back. All testing shows fluid to be benign. Doctor changed a prescription I have been taking for years to see if I might have developed an allergy to it. Next XRay is to be 8-18-11. I know the fluid is still there but is not causing trouble. When I am lieing down at night and take a deep breath, it is a little uncomfortable, but not bad, and I am not bothered too much in the day. I am 63 and do not want to have surgery. Hope it won t be necessary. Is it dangerous to live with this condition? Thank you.
output: HelloProbably the pleural liquid might be from heart problems. Discuss with your doctor for this. Regards Chat Doctor. 

input: It all started with a small patch of raised itchy skin in the crease of my elbow the i began to have leaking raised itchy skin under one of my breasts. Now there is a small dry itchy patch on top of my vagina pubic area and dry itchy patches on the nape of my neck. Now its to the point where my arms, thighs, legs, butt, and arm pits itch as well..... how do i stop the itching???
output: HelloThanks for your query. You should consult a dermatologist. Multiple itchy and scaly areas could indicate a skin condition like psoriasis, lichen etc. It could also herald a liver disease. Also, moisturize your skin well, and avoid scratching or touching the areas. Get your blood sugars tested as well. All the best.

input: I have bilirubin problem for 5 months. I take ayurvedic medicine but my bilirubin tests are fluctuation, how it makes, im so worried about this problem,  i all avoid oily, fatty and sour food and also drink pliantly of water (i.e. 8 ltd per day), and also loss 10 kg during this period, now a days i have back  and knee problem.  Blood test reportsDate                   Bilirubin total      Bilirubin Direct      Bilirubin Conjugated      S.G.P.T.      S.G.O.T.     Alkalire pho.June 5, 2011           1.2                    0.6                             0.6                           69                 19                  10 June 21, 2011         0.9                    0.5                             0.4                           51  July 11, 2011          1.1                    0.5                              0.6                           44 July 21, 2011          1.0                    0.3 Aug. 4, 2011           0.8                    0.4 Aug. 22, 2011         1.2                    0.4                                                               41                25                10 Sept. 21, 2011        0.9                    0.3     Oct. 19, 2011         1.4                     0.6
output: Your bilirubin level don't seem high it is within normal limit and variations is of negligible. So if you don't have any problem then forget the bilirubin level. And if you have problems then consult physician. No need of repeated investigation for fluctuating bilirubin

input: MY SON HAS HAD STREPTOCHOCCAL INFECTION SINCE THE LAST ONE YR. HE WAS TREATED WITH PENICILLIN FOR 3 MTHS DURING WHICH HE SHOWED NO FURTHER SYMPTOMS OF IT. HOWEVER ,AFTER THE MEDICATION WAS STOPPED , WITHIN 3 WEEKS HE STARTED COMPLAINING OF A SORE THROAT - WAS UNABLE TO SWALLOW FOOD . ON THE NEXT DAY HE STARTED VOMITING (SALIVA AND MUCOUS LIQUID AS HE HAD NO FOOD). THESE ARE THE SAME SYSMPTOMS HE HAD SHOWN 3 MONTHS BACK. TODAY ITS THE 2ND DAY OF NOT EATING ANYTHING AND EVEN HALF A GLASS OF WATER CAUSES HIM TO VOMIT AND SOME IRRITATION (IN THE THROAT??) MAKES HIM WANT TO PUKE. HE HAS GOWN WEAK AND IS FEVERISH. EVEN CALPOL SYRUP HAS BEEN VOMITED OUT. KINDLY ADVICE. NANYA SEN
output: He must be examined for tonsils and adenoids. If there are large tonsils and chronic he of tonsillitis then tonsillectomy MST be done BCZ he will get recurrent fever and difficulty in swallowing and Chat Doctor. 

input: Five days ago I felt pain under my neck area and noticed several small lumps (next to each other) on my left side of my neck/throat. They re lower down my neck than where my lymph nodes are normally swollen, although I know I ve got lots of them all over. They haven t gone away yet. I noticed that when I swallow I feel something in my throat, I ve been tired recently and that I m always cold. Anything to worry about or just my body fighting off something so my lymph nodes irritated?
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. The history suggest multiple enlarged lymph nodes in the neck region and as you said its chronic cause.2. Lymph nodal enlargement is seen in presence of local infection / inflammation, systemic cause and finally lymph nodal pathology itself.3. For better evaluation - after examination an ultrasound neck would help.4. Ultrasound will help to find out the nature of lumps its source and extensions.5. An FNAC - fine needle aspiration cytology to evaluate the cause / cells present.6. After that appropriate treatment can be taken. Hope it helps you. Wish you a good health. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.

input: Dear doctor, since last 4 weaks aim having pain in the back righ side , ten inches above waist and not in the spine area, may be near kidney area. I got scanned my kidneys and are OK. scan says my liver is fatty. and I got belly 4 inches over my chest. my abdomen is not in perfect condition these days. constipation problem is experienced. pl guide me
output: Hi, Its difficult to figure out the cause of constipation. Constipation definition varies from person-to-person. Stools may be too hard or too small, difficult to pass, or infrequent (less than three times per week). Some people with constipation may feel a sense that the bowels are not empty advice:- stop any medication being used for constipation for a week - thrice daily, take two teaspoon (or one big spoon) spatula husk with 200 to 300 mL water-increase warm water(at least 8 glass/day) intake-do not Chat Doctor. ) altogether-mix few 

input: Father is 83, noticed recently that he gets confused, doesn t know at times where he is going when driving familiar areas he s lived in for years.. (He still drives). He s always had a temper but recently, every little thing seems to set him off.. Noticeable personality change.. is this a sign of Dementia? Sincerely, Kevin
output: Symptoms you are describing points towards Alzheimer disease. However, similar symptomatology with other associated features may be seen in other types of dementia.  Please mention the sociology, duration, course of illness and any vascular risk factors and imaging findings if any to comment better. Hope my advice will help you.  Take care. Don't forget to rate me.

input: I have a four year old who has had low grade temp every other week or so since winter. I dismiss this as cold/viral. She started last week AGAIN with a croupy cough and mild congestion which I treated with OTC meds. Yesterday morning she was sleepy acting and went down for a nap at 10 am after waking around 8 am and slept for 1 1/2 hours. She woke with a temp of 102.5 and has run a steady temp since then even with tylenol. The lowest it has been has been 100.5 although she does not really have other complaints and seems to be achey as she wants to be held then wants to lay on the sofa or bed next to us, wants her back rubbed then asks almost immediately for us to stop. SHOULD I have her seen today?
output: it's better to be checked by her pediatrician, to assess her respiration, croup usually is associated with low grade fever, a complete physical exam will confirm the diagnosis and respiratory status should be checked carefully by the examiner .hope she becomes better soon

input: A 45yr old man had pain in the toes so he went to a doctor for a medical check up. by the lab tests done to him he came to know that his uric acid levels in the blood was high (8.1). so th doctor prescribed him FEBUGET 40mg.and he is taking rabeprazole daily in the morning. after taking febuget he had 8episodes of diarrhoea. he is not having any inflamation in the toes,and his platelet count was normal. may i know what is the exact diagnosis and lifestyle modifications for high uric acid levels in blood, and adverse effects of T.Febuget
output: Hi, You consulted for Pain in toes? Is there is Gouty arthritis or not if no arthritis and serum uric acid level is high (Asymptomatic) Gouty Arthritis is treated by anti inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Then one can try to what is the cause of high uric acid level. Why do you take Omeprazole? One can reduce high purine diet that means avoid Non veg diet. Avoid Deny

input: there has been a diagonsed case of slapped cheek at my daughters nursery.  she has developed a raised rash on belly, but otherwise seems fine.  Is it likely she will have/had slapped cheek aswell?  If so what should i do with her - stay at home or go to nursery?
output: Once the rash has developed, the child is no longer contagious. Hence, u can safely send your child to nursery.

input: I am suffering from Heart problem and doctor advised me anjioplasty.My age is 63 years,height is 5 feet,weight is 55 kg.I am also a patient of Diabities,high blood pressure.I got a heart attack in last july,2010.Please advise me.What is EECP ?is it available in AIIMS and how would be the cost?
output: Hello, EEC is basically a method to relieve anginal pain in patients who are not a candidate for angioplasty or bypass. Its benefit is plus minus only. It's not available in AIMS but in Vedanta.  If you are advised angioplasty, then you should undergo it and EEC is not an alternative to it.

input: my son has been having asthma flare ups over the past several months at least once a month. Every time his asthma flares up his doctor puts him on prednisone.  Over the past couple months I have noticed his voice becoming hoarse in addition to having a cough.  The coughing wakes him at night when he has the exacerbations .  Is there anything else we can be doing to better manage his asthma?  He is currently using symbicort
output: Hollowed this very carefully and you will get the desired answer for your son. ASTHMA :Airways hyperresponsiveness that is secondary to inflammatory airways' disease that results in recurrent or chronic episodes of WHEEZE, SHORTNESS of BREATH(SOB0, CHEST TIGHTNESS &/or COUGH particularly at night or in the early morning (your son is having all these symptoms including hoarseness of voice, may be due to laryngeal edema (side effect of prednisolone or inflammation of larynx). Pollen, dust (fine dusting powder) mist, molds, pests (cockroaches) , fumes, smoking (active and passive) , sudden chance of temperature (increase or decrease) , as all these are predisposing factors which triggers asthmatic attack. If possible avoid these. When such patient visit my clinic I prescribe Montelukast+albuterol tablet once or twice in day. Dosage are 0.2 mg of / kg body weight of each tablet. Hot coffee and steam inhalation provide instant relief as these acts as bronchodilators. I never prescribe PREDNISOLONE my patient. This is only meant for serious cases.

input: hi my age is 29,weight is 55 kg,height is 55.my blood group is b-ve and husbands blood group is b+ve.planning for ivf.earlier had a molar pregnancy.d&c was dun twice and was given anti d.doctor has asked to get serum ict test done before ivf.why is it important for me to get this done???
output: HAI WELCOME TO Chat Doctor INDIRECT COMBS TEST TO BE DONE TO KNOW THE ANTIBODY TIER OF RH ANTIBODY IN YOUR BODY DUE TO 2 PREVIOUS ABORTIONS.IT WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR IVF. If it is rose you need frequent scan to know the well-being of your baby. REGARDS Chat Doctor. 

input: After a nasty attack 18 months ago, I was left with a broken jaw in 3 places. After two ops it was fixed to the best they can with 5 plates. Since then I ve not been able to open my mouth properly, would say there s a gap of 1.5 cm between teeth when fully open. During the last few wks I m suffering constant pain all down the left side of my face, hurts more when I move head up and down. Any ideas...thanks
output: Hello and thank you for your question. You need to have your jaw rebroken clinically and realigned correctly.  Your bite is now off and this is affecting how your jaw moves around the jaw joint.  Surgery would be the best option for you and possible orthodontic intervention to help get your teeth to touch correctly. Best wishes to you. 

input: Hello.For the past 4-5 days, the right side of my stomach has hurt. Its not excruciating pain but it hurts. Made worse when I press on it. I have also had an on and off low grade fever (around 99.5 degrees) and nausea. Also, the right side of my stomach feels harder than the left side.
output: Based on your description, you seem to be suffering from gastritis. If that is the case, you would need to take omeprazole capsule once daily before breakfast for one and a half months. You also need to take small but frequent meals. However, the final diagnosis can be made only after proper examination and I strongly insist that you visit a doctor and get yourself examined. The low grade on and off fever needs to be investigated and is probably unrelated to your abdominal pain. You would need to get it investigated to rule out conditions like tuberculosis which could be a possible cause.

input: recently (the last week) i have developed a cough, it didnt start out bad but the last 2 days i have been getting a bad taste in my mouth (metalic) but no mucus/blood has come up i took some cold & flu tablets but they arent helping, the cough is dry it starts in the throat but the more i cough it becomes chesty, is it the flu or somethign more serious?
output: Consult your doctor and do a chest x-ray to be sure for your actual lung statusRegards Chat Doctor. 

input: I went to a dermatologist for this outbreak on my arms and back, they injected steroid into these places I had a small one on my cheek, I was sent home with antibiotic pills, I know see that it is a staphe infection and my cheek is swelling rapidly and it hurts, I put an ice pack on it, but I know heat brings it out right? what should I do, hospital?
output: Hello, THX to contact us. I understand your concern. If I am your doctor I advise you that if you have such a swelling in the cheek it is advised to do culture and sensitivity from the wound. It is not advised to take steroid for such a lesion. Take treatment according to the sensitivity report. You can use topical newsprint powder along with antibiotics from sensitivity report to treat infection. I will be happy to answer more of your concerns, kindly know me, Wish you a very good health at Chat Doctor. Chat Doctor. Infectious Disease.

input: hi i keep getting restless with a figitiy feeling inside, usually starts early eve and then stps but wakes me up in the early hours, it feels as though something is crawling around inside. i am 44 years old very active so i unsure if it is restless leg sydrome as i get it all over.
output: Hi, I think you should clear the doubt about the restless leg syn Chat Doctor.  Any small touch of the intervertebral disc to the cervical spine may lead to abnormal nerve symptoms. It is a possibility that when a small touch to the spinal cord can lead to such symptoms. Post-MRI we can help you assist better. As your age is 44 we can expect some wear and tear of the spinal bones, disc and ligaments which can possibly cause some symptoms. For now, I will advise doing core stability exercises, spinal muscle strengthening exercises, hip strengthening exercises, static qua

input: I am currently taking zaniflex but it is not helping. I have plate from C2-6. I have huge knots and muscle spasms chronically. My new pain Dr. Wanted to put me on Robaxin but I can t swallow easily and choke on big pills. Crushing is out of the question..,too bitter. I am also taking Nucynta 50 mg. and was told I could no longer take Flexeril with it because it can cause heart issues. What muscle relaxer is best for long term use and maybe in liquid oral form?
output: Do not is muscle renascent so long it has various side effects so do some stretching exercise. Is good for you also use hot pack ice pack after stretching.

input: Hello Doctor, I am of 29yrs old and a mother of a 3 yr old. My husband is abroad and I am going to stay with him by Jan. We are not planning to have a second one until my kid is atleast 5. So I am looking for an opinion for having an IUD as we are not happy with condoms and scared of the side effects of pills. I consulted a doctor in my place and she says it is difficult for her to insert as the cervix is a bit above than usual and it would be very painful. I have read that this can also be done by giving local anaesthesia. I would like to have a second opinion on this.
output: Hi, With good positioning, there usually is no difficulty in IUD insertion. If I were your doctor, To facilitate the procedure I would ask you to come for IUD insertion just after census. I would advise you to take a tablet of Broken 2 hours before IUD insertion. This would take care of possible discomfort. I would ask you to pass urine just before the procedure and place you in lithotomy position and insert IUD. There is no need for any local cervical anesthesia. The prick of the local anesthesia would cause same discomfort as inserting IUD. Broken is enough to take care of the discomfort. I hope this helps.

input: My friend has cancer that has spread to his liver and periteium, he has been on chemo and avastin for 6 mos. they are taking him off chemo, he said because its damaging his liver and kidneys. Also both his hands and feet are raw and peeling from the chemo.....what are we looking at for time? He won t give anyone straight answers..
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am sorry about your friend. This is terminal malignant disease and prognosis is really poor especially if chemo can't be performed. Now, you can only do palliative treatment:relief his pain and prevent infections and weight losing. Everything else isn't in your hands and you just need to support him for these few months of his likewise you good health.  Chat Doctor. 

input: Dear Doctor, I had a swollen reddish Big Toe at front and later developed a puss. Accordingly Doctor removed the Puss. But the wound is not healing even after 2 weeks and it hurts when Toe strikes even gently and it again started to become reddish and swelling. But no pain when touched. Please suggest some home remedies if possible.
output: Hi, From history it seems that you might be having nail bed infection giving rise this problem. Due to injury there might be having soft tissue infection, swelling under the nail, it takes more time to heal. What is required is gone for regular Chat Doctor. Go for one antibiotic medicine course for 5 days. This will bring proper healing. Old nail might come out and new nail will come. Ok and take care.

input: dear sir i have problem in my neck, i have a lision in c5 and c6. i took ATT for 8 month, then it was healed as Tuberculosis, now my small finger is not functioning and my induction finger and middle finger is also getting burning and numness, i have deep pining pain in my LETF SHOULDER AND BLADE, also paining , please advice me
output: Hi, Cannot say in your particular case, but generally, the location and movement of a pain gives clues as to what is going on. This pain goes in a pathway up to the neck where the problem is. Without an exam, I can only give general information, and spinal TB is really hard to get rid of and as it spreads it hits areas and that can include nerves, but it can continue on to give spinal meningitis or total paralysis. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a 3.1cm x 2.2cm x 1.3cm endometrial polyp. Endometrial stripe is measuring 2.2 cm. The polyp has a feeding vessel. I am 46 years old and am not premenopausal according to my blood tests, but I have been suffering from severe anemia for years and iron supplements do not help. I have had every test possible to see if I am bleeding somewhere in my body and this is the only sign of internal bleeding. I have very heavy periods and have excessive brown spotting between periods. Do you think the polyp can be causing my anemia, and if so, would it be necessary to have the polyp removed.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, According to your history, the endometrial polyp is responsible for heavy bleeding and thus anemia. Endometrial polyps which are small are usually asymptomatic and do not require treatment. However, in your case the endometrial polyp is large and is causing heavy bleeding and anemia. In such a situation it is advisable to get the polyp removed since it removes the cause of bleeding and thus resolves anemia also. Consult your gynecologist for further work up. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor. 

input: my 16 month old keeps puking after he drinks sweet tea and he has rash on his genitals (which may be coincidence cause he just got over being sick) but i was wondering what normal blood sugar levels for this age are? when he woke up yesterday without food or drink it was 96, and this evening about thirty minutes having a banana and water it was 123.
output: Hi, I do not know why you are worried about blood sugar in infant but whatever you are quoting is completely normal and if the kid is active otherwise and not done and lethargic you need not worry about blood sugar levels at all. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: hello doctor, i have a query.. my father has dry skin problem and he used to initially treat with ayurveda medicine, due to unavailibility of the same medicine he had to jump to antibiotics, and with years this situation is increasing since he is a diabetic, and body no more reacts to antibiotics finally the doctor had to give him steroid, due to which it aggravated his retinopathy problem and a growth of blood vessel was seen in the retina, due to all these reasons v decided to switch back to ayurveda dry skin improved but now he has got boils on his back, and especially the boils on buttocks gives pain, fever and chills in the night, now can you please give me a simple solution regarding any particular treatment, blood test that needs to be done or wait for it to cure on its own and continue with ayurveda, or some home remedies?
output:  Chat Doctor.  Use good quality emollient thrice daily especially after bath. For boil, fever and chills get routine examination of blood ang TB gold test done.

input: I have a rash on my inner thigh, at the crease line. It is red and blotchy smells bad and no matter how much I dry it it is constantly wet. It is also sore. What do I do
output: Hi......welcome to Chat Doctor., It is mixed infection., caused by fungus super added by infection., use Antibiotics orally...best is Azithromycin 250 mg ., Topical clotrimazole, beclomethasone and gentamicin cream., Oral antihistamines....levocetrizine will alleviate the itching.,

input: My 11 yr old son was kicked in the crutch a few weeks ago and I have now noticed that his testicles seem to be hanging extremely low (lower than they have ever been before). He says they are not painful at all and there is no discolouration in them at all. Should this be a concern for me or is this normal at 11.
output: Hi...testicles hanging far or near to the body will depend on the ambient temperature changes. If the ambient temperature is hot then the testicles will be hanging far from the abdomen and if the ambient temperature is cool then they will be nearer to the abdomen. As there is no pain or discoloration, I do not think it is related to the injury. Regards - 

input: My mother ..50 years old ..has severe pain in her muscles and bone in all body ..she can t sleep ..we don t know the cause .. it is not rhumatoid .. no problems in spinal cord ..normal uric acid no gout ..her doctor described wrong medications (cortisone ) the pain increased
output: Hello, It will be a simple musculoskeletal pain. As of now, take adequate bed rest and can take analgesics like Diclofenac or Tramadol for pain relief. If symptoms persist you can consult a physician and get evaluated. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: I have had a cough for almost two weeks now. I noticed the chest congestion goes away after lying down and when I wake up it s gone until I have been up for 30 minutes. The congestion starts to come back and about mid day I have been getting sinus pressure and headaches. I have started to notice a tightness in my right jaw as well. Could this be a serious concern? Should I see a dr or is it just bronchitis that will go away soon? I have noticed a slight improvement in the chest congestion but the jaw pain has me worried
output: Hi. I understand your concerns. Cough of 2 weeks is commonly seen in bronchitis and lung infection. Get a chest x-ray done, a normal rules out lung infection. Possibility of bronchitis is more in your case. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). PFT is needed for the diagnosis of bronchitis. It will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment of bronchitis is based on severity only. You may need inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). Treating sinusitis is also very important as that may be also the cause for cough. You will need a detailed evaluation for the same.

input: hi, i am experiencing stiffening of my fingers, at first i ignored it but i noticed it happens more often now. Most of it at night. And the lid of my right eye is often pulsating, it has been more than a week now. What could be the cause of my concerns?
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query.First, I would like to reassure you that there is no need to worry about your current symptoms. They are most likely due to over-strain of muscles and fatigue. It would improve with rest. However, if you do not get better in a few more days, then, a brain scan should be done to exclude any ischemia (lack of blood flow to the brain). Also, thyroid profile and vitamin B12 level should be checked. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/

input: i dont know what exactly the problem is but some times i feel great pain towards my left abdomen and i notice that my left scrotal sack has got enlarged. but this enlargement is not for the long period i.e in days, but when it happens it becomes hard and also gives problem to my area beside my stomach.  my age is 28
output: HelloThanks for query. Swelling of the left scrotum associated with pain in abdomen on left side is mostly due to infection of the epididymis or Testis (Epididymis Orchids)and needs to be confirmed, Please consult qualified Urologist for clinical examination and get following basic tests done to confirm the diagnosis.1) Urine routine and culture.2) Ultrasound scanning of abdomen and pelvis3) Ultrasound Scanning of Scrotum 4) Color Doppler study of scrotum. You need to take broad spectrum antibiotic like Definite along with anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. Further treatment will depend upon result of these tests and final diagnosis.

input: Hello, I am having a throbbing vein in right side of my tempal in my head but no pain, this is scary, being doing this the last couple of days. Could this be stress or should I go to the er?
output: Thanks for the query It is normal for the vessel on the temporal region to throb. If you are not having any symptoms then ignore it. U don't have to worry abut have a healthy living

input: My son has a redish bump the size of a nickel near his mouth. He is teething and last week was feverish. He is on a diet of breastmilk, baby food and little table food. No new foods have been introduced, nor detergents/hygiene products. What can the cause be
output: HI...it could be a submucous cyst or a tissue reaction due to the erupting teeth. But to be 100% sure I suggest you upload an image of the same in this website and get back to us so that we will help you better. You can approach me at the following link.  Please find the link below - www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. 

input: I am using a wrist blood pressure thing it is reading 160/103 now other readings have been 142/103,145/104, 179/112 and184/126 highest was 182/138 I have been doing for the past two days because I do have high blood pressure and I am on medication should I be concerned and how accurate is the wrist monitor
output: Good evening. Well the wrist monitor is near accurate but still prefer the normal BP apparatus as you can change the medications according to that reading. But your blood pressure is quite high, and you need to adjust your medications as soon as possible to avoid any complications. Hope this information was useful

input: HI ,DOCTOR INFACT I WAS RAPED SEXTUALLY ABUSE WHEN I WAS 10YEARS OLD UNFORTUNATLY THAT TIME I HIDE THAT FROM PARENTS BUT LAST FEW YEARS I WANT TTRARTMENT MY PARENTS WANT ME GET MARRIED CAN I MARRY OR IS THERE TRATMENT AVAILBLE FOR THAT KID OFF PATIENT IAM 28 YERS OLD MAN
output: Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. Paroxetine, clonidine, and clonazepam are the Chat Doctor. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/

input: Hello Im 36 yr, female and Ive been having shortness of breath for about two weeks i went to the ER they did EKG, Cat scan and Qvac test and x-ray and they only came up with I have asthma I never had any breathing problem before and the inhaler isnt helping I very worried and I do have High blood pressure and im over weight 58 and 300+
output: Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... Obesity can lead to apnea and dyspnea.... So lose your weight by regular exercise... Low fat diet taken .... Second here you are mentioning you have diagnosed with asthma.... For its confirmation spirometry with pulmonary function test useful.... If it is not controlled by inhaler during attack then nebulization might have given with steroid for reducing inflammatory bronchi constriction... If asthma diagnosed and repeated attack then maintenance inhaler taken with former and low dose steroid.... One tsp garlic juice with honey good herbal remedy.... Take care.... Chat Doctor. 

input: I recently had my gallbladder removed about 5 weeks ago. I am 24, 100.2 lbs, I have started noticing blood in my stool. First they were loose bloody stool then normal dark bowel movement with blood in the toilet and toilet paper. Could this be due to the surgery? Should I wait it out or call my doctor immediately?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. I am Chat Doctor. K and I am pleased to assist you. There are many causes of blood in stools like hemorrhoids fissures, colitis including IBD and malignancy. Since it occurred after surgery in your case, the first possibility is C diff related colitis probably due to antibiotics in the post-operative period. A stool test and a colonoscopy may be done for evaluation. Get medical attention at the earliest. I hope that answers your question.

input: I have an enlarged spleen with multiple masses. All tests have ruled out cancers. I have a low platlet count and a 6 when low is 30 for vitamin D. I am always sick and tired. Is my spleen not working? when should I have it removed? Is it riskier to keep it.
output: Hello! Thanks for putting your query in Chat Doctor. I am a Gastroenterologist (DM). You have enlarged skin with low platelet count suggest that you are having hypersplenism with splenomegaly. Your total leukocyte count would also be low. There are many causes of enlarged spleen like infection, myeloproliferative disorder, hyperplastic etc. I will suggest you to take opinion of Hematologist who may suggest for bone marrow procedure and manage accordingly. Your spleen is working that's why your platelet has decreasedOnly when there are complications like spontaneous bleed from any site, recurrent infections etc., then only splenectomy is advised No there is no risk until it causes complications hope I have answered your query and this will help you. If you have any further query I will be happy to answer that too. Remain in touch and get-well soon.

input: 1Hi Doctor - I feel heaviness and feeling of swelling in my head. Heaviness is from last 2-3 months and i prevails for 1 week and then goes. Post that it comes again and last again for 1 week. I consulted one doctor and he gave me treatment of 15 days antibiotic and anti allergic for sinus . It helped me and complete month of January i was ok. But this feeling has again returned. I have observed mild heaviness/swelling in palms and feet too. I am having sound sleep and dont have nausea . I would like to get this evaluated but bit afraid from any side of neuro disorder.
output: Hello vishalvi2008Thanks for asking question, welcome to ChatDoctorThe swelling or heaviness in head which responded to the antibiotic therapy and again recurred, so there is very high chances of CHRONIC sinusitis of frontal sinus, as it is usually present with light headache and heaviness. Second option we can think is any neurological lesion but usually swelling on hands along with feeling of swelling on head are not features. If you are in doubt and stressed best is to get MR scan done, secondly visit a good doctor for proper treatment of chronic sinusitis as you have to take antibiotics, antihistamines for long. MR scan will also show the sinusitis.Thanks, Hope, I cleared your doubt.

input: I have very lumpy breasts a doctor checked said it was just muscle but I still worry it is cancer had a mammogram two yrs ago all clear but one breast seems to ache a lot and is bigger it is making me ill can t go back to doctor he will call me a hypochondriac
output: Hi dear thanks for the query on ChatDoctorusually one breast will be slightly larger than other. If the disparity is noticeable and if painful it needs to be ad Chat Doctor. If your age is between 20 and 40 years you need to get ultrasound breast to check for fibroadenomas. If fibroadenomas you have to take vitamin E tablets daily one and prim rose oil tablets once daily for one month these may help with the pain thank you

input: Five years ago a doctor said cartilage was gone from toes to heel. seen same doctor the other day said feet were in bad shape but sent me back to work, the work I do consist of standing and walking on my feet 12 hours a day, getting to were I can t walk also causing me problems in my knees and back. what steps do I need to do find a doctor to help me with my problems. Seems like every doctor doesn t want to help me.
output: Hi, there! Orthopaedic surgeon is dealing with joint diseases. Glucosamine/Chen Chat Doctor. Magnetic wave therapy helps cartilage to recover faster. I hope this helps

input: Hi sir,in past time my father had TB , he was treated & found ok. now it again tb infaction have become , in a city scan & X ray fungal infaction was obsorbed , by chance  he was admitted in hospital due to enlargement of lung(left side) a tube was incerted in lung to remove air from lungs , bp is normal ,sugar conrolled ,cheast drain is ok ,he is on artificial oxegen , not able to remove oxegen .he have become very week not able to seat. please help &Advice
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. So, your father is having relapse of tb with fungal infection and complicated by pneumothorax (air in lungs). Honestly speaking, this is not a good sign for prognosis. Pneumothorax in Tb and fungal pneumonia is having poor prognosis. Healing takes very long time in case of active lung infection. So first give him anti-tubercular and antifungal Chat Doctor.  He shouldn't keep the tube for at least 1-2 months. If still not improving after 1-2 months, get done thoracoscopic intervention for pneumothorax. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your father. Thanks.

input: My eGFR is 52, last year it was 55, year before 60.  I had my right kidney removed 20 years ago due to congenital problem and was told my left kidney was completely normal and that I should live a normal life with just one kidney.  Is something going wrong with my left kidney?
output: Your EFR is coming down year by year. However, if your age is more than 60 years, probably you won't need dialysis in the future. But avoid painkillers, herbal medicines. Take pure vegetarian food and salt restricted diet. Control sugar and BP if you have. All the best. If you have any questions feel free to contact me.

input: Hello My name is nikia barber I am 27 I have 6yr old daughter ever since I was a younger child I been through a lot stress til this day I been having these shakes ith everything I do and it embarrassing and I have told my doc and I as ignored I want to knw my reason pluse I cant sleep at nite I find myself waking up at least 5 time in the middle of the night what can I do im shaking kn like a old lady
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I have gone through your available history. You might have Performance anxiety with social phobia or depression, but physical causes like thyroid dysfunction, neurological deficit must be ruled out. You should consult your doctor preferably psychiatrist. Doctor may advise you some investigations including CAT scan to rule out physical causes. Doctor may advise you to take antianxiety or antidepressant Chat Doctor.  You should also do stress management and relaxation exercise like yoga, meditation etc. Thanks.

input: what can be done for a woman of 90+ who is unable to get up in the night to urinate, she has adult nappies but has developed a stinging rash from the urine and since she is sitting down for most of the day this is extremely uncomfortable. Is there any product that will prevent the urine from attacking the skin?
output: To prevent diaper rashes few precautions need to be taken. The best defense against irritation is to keep the area as Chat Doctor. Clean the area with a soap free cleanser thoroughly and after 

input: I am 48 year old female, in optimal health. I am very active. I do not drink alcohol or smoke (quit both over 15 years ago). Other than a little tennis elbow I have few complaints. My diet consists of vegetables, poultry, fish, eggs, cheese, nuts and seeds, low-carb pastas and tortillas made from whole grains, lots of water, 1 cup of coffee and 3 diet sodas a day. I don t eat fast food or junk. I also take a daily multi-vitamin supplement and Aleve twice a day for my tennis elbow. I occasionally enjoy an Atkins nutritional bar (I like that they have no added sugar). I have normally fairly dry skin, I am a redhead with freckles and fair skin (Irish). Just about an hour ago I noticed a cluster of tiny scabs high on my right arm near my shoulder (about where someone would pat you on the arm for a greeting). I don t recall that area feeling particularly itchy recently, or noticing a disturbance in the skin before this. It was a little itchy, which is what led me to the discovery. As soon as I scratched the area, the tiny scabs came off under my fingernails. The skin bled a little. I put hydrogen peroxide on the area and then triple antibiotic ointment. There are about 20 tiny little pink blemishes now (similar to pin-pricks). No bleeding (except for initially) and the area is not itchy, hot, reddened or swollen. Do you have any idea as to what could have caused this? Is there anything else I should look out for?
output: It can be a kind of skin infection most probably (on you query presentation)herpes simplex but for proper evaluation and treatment you need to show it to a dermatologist where in he will prescribe you ointments and medicine hope you find this useful of you need any help can revert

input: I get severe pain in the finishing stage while passing urine Hi I am 31 yrs old and I get severe pain in the finishing stage while passing urine I am a diabetic from 3 yrs and i take a tablet everyday Is it a kidney problem I take daonil M tablet as I am a type 2 diabetic. I am on medication from 3 yrs. I experience pain in the finishing stage while passing urine. Please advise.
output: Pain in finishing phase is not very much indicative of kidney problem but indicates urinary tract infection. In Ayurveda, we recommend Joshua GGUL 2 BD. and advice to have a lot of water. In addition to this you can add SY. Ural 2 SF BD. Chat Doctor. Com

input: my son is 5 months old and weighs 8.1 kg.for last 6 days he was down with col,cough n fever..yesterday he was doing good but thn again today his temprature has gone up to 100.4 and now he is on medication..18th is the date for the final dose of rotavirus and pnuemooccal..is it possible?
output: Welcome to the ChatDoctorI completely understand your concerns but don't worry. Every rise in temperature of your children body doesn't need a course of antibiotics. Occasional fever episodes such as 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit may be due to developing immunity in his body against mild viral infections which are quite common in this age. You need to get worried about this if:1. It's associated with decreased acceptance of feeds, lethargy, excessive sleepiness or irritability.2. If other associated symptoms such as loose stools, vomiting, breathing problems, crying on micturition etc. are present. If he is feeding well, active, alert and playful, then don't worry. You may definitely go for rotavirus and pneumococcal vaccines as per schedule. Fever is not at all a contraindication for routine immunizations. Hopefully this will help you. For further questions, you may contact retake care

input: My dentist told me a few months ago that there seems to be a possible abscess with my lower molar. I don t have insurance so we were going to watch it since there wasn t any associated pain. A couple of days ago I had some pain in my lower jaw so I m going into the dentist to do a follow up xray next week. The pain is gone but tonight I noticed bruising on my neck towards the front below the area on my jaw where the pain was. The bruise is about 3 inches long about 1/2 inche wide, not solid more like a bite mark, it looks like a hicky. Is it something that can wait until morning for my dentist to check?? Thank you, Joy
output: Hi whereas per your symptoms it seems to my belief you are mingling two different problems, must be a chance you have abscess right down under your question tooth which will require a ROOT CANAL TREATMENT.your other problem which is a mark kind could be some insect bite or allergy, but for exact diagnosis could only be made with physical examination to rule out the possibility causing the discoloration of the skin. See a dentist soon, delay your appointment until you can bear the pain. Start with warm saline (half cup Luke warm water+ half tbs salt)rinses at night, it helps in Chat Doctor. Thanxregards

input: Hello, I am a 36 year old woman, 5ft 3 and about 9 1/2 stone.  Over the past few years I have been trying to conceive with my husband with no result.  We have recently just started our first cycle of superovulation and I just had a question to ask.  During superovulation can your body naturally ovulate without having the hgc injection.  Its just i was due to take the injection and i felt some pains as though i was starting to ovulate.  I have now taken the injection and i am still feeling the pains.  Does this mean i might be ovulating now (at my normal time) and not 36 hours or so after the injection was taken.  Its just that i want to get the timing right and as it is a bank holiday weekend i am not able to ask my clinic for a couple of days.  If this is the case and i am ovulating now, how long do i have in order to fertilise the egg.  Thank you
output: IIN many cases of ovulation induction we don't even prescribe Chat Doctor injection as most women ovulate even without it. The reason the injection is prescribed is to make sure that you ovulate. So it is very much possible that you ovulated before the injection. It is generally said after ovulation the egg remains fertile for 24 hrs. Let me know if you have any other queries. Thanks

input: Hi-- I have a question. I have Spastic Diplegia Cerebral Palsy and have had many operations on my legs and also heal-cord lenthening. From the surgery, their is a scar on the back of my calf. One random day it got swollen, not sure why or how. Their was pain at the beginning and now their is no pain at all. It has been a few months that my ankle has been swollen and it still is. Is it common for people with Cerebral Palsy to have this issue. What is going on?
output: Hello, In my opinion, the problem may arise from blood circulation in your calf. An ultrasound of your calf is necessary to evaluate correctly this possibility. Discuss with your Doctor for these issues. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: I have a broken tooth second to last molar(wisdom teeth have not came in they are sideways and need to be extracted). I went to a dentist and they used tools that I assumed were sanitized but after they cleaned the area above my broken off tooth I developed a very hard abcess, this was 2 weeks ago and now it formed a head so I popped it to relieve it until I see them the 28th and jellied blood and pus came out, it feels better now but the swelling has made my cheek look puffy and noticeably swollen. Should I take this to the emergency room or wait to see my dentist again?
output: Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your query abscess over a broken tooth is due to deep infection in the tooth that is leading to pus formation below the root tips of the tooth. At times infection perforates the bone and the pus gets accumulated in soft tissues leading to lump formation over the gums and swelling of cheek. I would suggest you to consult an Oral Physician and not emergency room and get evaluated and a thorough clinical evaluation and investigations like x-ray has to be done. You can be advised Root Canal treatment of tooth followed by a course of antibiotics and painkillers if tooth is in condition to be saved. In case of gross damage to tooth extraction is advised. As of now do warm saline gargles bit do not delay the treatment to prevent spread of infection and further complications. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards. Chat Doctor. 

input: I pinched my lift little finger at work between a cement corner of a building and a steel garbage containier. it is not broke. but the complete tip to the first knuckle is blue and swelled up .cant touch anything including ice can not put it in ice water or their is unbearable pain. I don t knom what to do.
output: Hi, Consult an orthopedic and get an X-ray to rule out the fracture. Apply ice packs, and you can take analgesics/anti-inflammatory combination like Diclofenac/Serratiopeptidase combination also. Most probably it will settle by three to four days. You might require a finger immobilizer also. Your orthopedic can help you further. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: CAN A MOTHERS POOR EATING HABIT DURING PREGNANCY RESULT IN A BABY WITH MACGRONATHIA? I HAD MY DAUGHTER AT THE AGE OF 24. AT BIRTH HER UPPER GUM WAS NOT DEVELOPED PROPERLY. IT TOOK HER A YEAR BEFORE HER FIRST TOOTChatDoctorE IN, MY DAUGHTER IS NOW 13 AND IS EXHIBITING SIGNS OF MACGRONATHIA. HER LOWER JAW IS SIGNIFICANTLY LARGER THAN HER UPPER. I AM WONDERING IF THE FACT THAT I WAS EXTREMELY STRESSED OUT DURING PREGNANCY AND ATE POORLY IS THE CAUSEE OF MY DAUGHTERS PRESENT AILMENTS?
output: Hellooo....read through your query....based on your symptoms I must say that growth of the jaw depends on many factors. It may or may not be influenced by Food habits but more importantly is the hormones of the child.so don't worry.what has happened.she 13yrs now if her 2nd molar is not erupted I can say that u hurry her to a periodontist and get correction of the growth of her jaws(using orthopedic and dysfunctional appliance).if her 2nd molars are erupted take her to orthodontist he will see the situation of her growth based on cephalogram X-ray and do treatment accordingly...so don't think about what u did in past and do correction of the child for her future.!!!it's the right time.!!hope u r benefitted by my reply.have a healthy day!!!

input: Hey ..well I am 2 months pregnant and when I urinate I see blood and I get worried I have other children 4 to be exact and my youngest is about to be 7 I didn t experience no problems like this with my others I m just concerned and confused could you help me out?
output: Hi, Thanks for posting your query. Firstly, I would like to suggest that you confirm where from this blood is coming, from the urethra or from the vagina. If it is from the urethra and if this is a fresh bleeding, it is likely to be from the urethral lining, mostly due to some infection. This needs to be treated as it can lead to a miscarriage if left untreated. If the blood is coming out of the vagina, you should inform your health care provider immediately, take absolute bed rest and avoid all strenuous activity. A sonogram should be taken to note the state of the pregnancy. Further management is accordingly planned. Hope this helps.

input: Sir, I am from Kolkata. My mother 65 yrs suffering from rheumatic artharitis since last nine years. Presently she is bedridden. I want an appointment with Dr. John Matheu in an emergency basis on or after 16- 24 June. kindly help me . with regards, Subir Kundu 094347 30572 subirkundu300924@gmail.com
output: Hi in case of RA tell me what is your diet control and what kind of medicine she's taking by diet control and medicine we improve the lifestyle by improving pain

input: tailbone painI woke up this morning with moderate pain on my tail bone.  it hurts to sit unless I sit leaning to the left. it hurts to walk. I am an insulin dependent type 1 diabetic.  blood sugar controlled by insulin pump, carb counting and exercise.  a1c 6.8.   I did nothing to cause this problem. what should I do?
output: Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  Pain at tail bone - Coccydynia, is a very common problem related to posture, due to pressure of sitting on tailbone. Aim of treatment is to relieve pain and build up the muscles in hip region, to allow weight to be transferred to other bones. I suggest painkillers, muscle relaxants, site bath(sit in a tub of hot water) twice daily, + Exercises for spine and hip muscles. Avoid constipation and sit on a cushioned surface for the time being. Hope for all the best

input: hi, I was bitten by an unknown insect almost two weeks ago and the inflammation of the bite is still there along with tissue bruising, leaving my skin around the bite discoloured. I have noticed over the past few days after the bite hole if you wish, has raised into a almost puss like spot, however around the skin is still discoloured, inflamed and sore burst and left my skin slightly torn. I have this continuous tingling sensation which gradually increases in pain, almost like a really bad case of pins and needles. the pain starts from the bite down to the sole of my feet. I have no idea what to do about it, and how to treat it. all I have dine thus far is take ibuprofen for the pain and apply an ice pack and on occasion Vaseline around the bite. however nothing seems to be working.
output: Welcome to Chat Doctor. I went through the history you have provided here. It seems from the history that you are having irritation of skin following an insect bite. These symptoms indicate secondary infection in the skin. I usually treat these conditions by the use of antibiotics and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  Application of local antiseptic ointments and hot compression provides rapid relief. Do consult your doctor for examination to confirm the diagnosis and prescription of 

input: I have had a continuous dull aching pain in my lower back, right side, below the last rib bone. Not in the center of my back, but more toward the side. It concerns me because it may get better for a few hours and then start up again. Could it have anything to do with my kidneys, pancreas, or liver?
output: Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I concluded that you are having backache towards right side of your back which is dull aching whicChatDoctores and goes. It may be muscular pain or pain of kidney origin. You can exclude kidney pain by ultrasound of kidney area. For muscular pain analgesic such as ibuprofen are of help. You can discuss with your Doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any further questions then don't hesitate to writing to us. I will be happy to help you. You can also write to me directly on below link:https://www.bit.ly/ask Chat Doctor. Take care.

input: over the last two weeks on three separate occasions i have felt as though my heart is being gently squeezed, a bit like a contraction, i can only describe the intensity as like a wave, starting very gently reaching a peak and then tapering off.  i am not in any pain but it is a very odd feeling
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you are mostly having simple muscular spasm but better to rule out any heart diseases first. So get done ECG, 2d echo and stress test (trade mill test). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Simple muscle spasm is more likely in your case. So avoid bad postures in sleep. You can apply warm water pad on affected areas to avoid such contractions. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.

input: Periodically (2-3 times per month) over the last few months, I have gotten what appear to be a bruises on the middle joint(s) of my fingers and the remaining portion of my finger gets numb. The area where the bruising appears also gets swollen. I have no recollection of having injured myself and there really isn t any pain, but the swelling and numbness does concern me. Typically, all the symptoms disappear within a day. Thank you.
output: You could be having bleeding disorder. You need to get tested for bleeding time, Clotting time, PT, apt, INR. Consult your GP.

input: I have been diagnosed with L4 nerve root compression causing pain in my thigh and outer shin. I have been prescribed Tramadol for the severe pain. Is it important to take non steroidal anti inflammatory medications as well to speed the healing process?
output: No. Analgesics only give symptomatic relief by reducing pain. If neuropathic pain is troublesome then start tab pregabalin. Mention your MRI findings. If significant euro deficit is present then go ahead with surgery. Hope my advice will help you.  Take care. Don't forget to rate me.

input: Hi. My girlfriend is normaly Ibuprufen tolerant. However when she is close to her period, if she takes this medication she can sometimes have severe stomach pains. Today she is within 2 or 3 days of starting her period and has pains in her lower back similar to if she has a trapped nerve or has pulled a muscle. She has taken 400mg of Ibroprufen and now has bad stomach pains. Why could this be?
output: She should not take the ibuprofen empty stomach, take tab Ranitidine along with this

input: Hi i have been under a lot of stress , i was un headaces the back of my, i was diagnosed with herpes a yr ago whilei broke out with a rash and ended up with a boil that im taking antibiotics for, i have been sort of weak and a Lil lightheaded but much better than i was, today ifound what seems to me to be inflammation inbetween my shoulders and seems to be the reason for the funny feeling in my head, but the aches have left, no fever was present in any of this what do u think.
output: Hello, Firstly, I think you should get treated for your stress. Herpes is a stress-prone condition that keeps on coming until you improve your general condition. Having the disease and taking antibiotics for long makes you feel weak and that can add to your stress. Try to improve your general health and see a doctor. Wish you speedy recovery.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? How bad is my blood pressure at 150/98? I am a 22 year police officer and weight lifter. A former SWAT team member but I don t run anymore. I lift weights 3 times a week and feel good. I am a non smoker and non drinker. But I do have 3 to 4 diet cokes a day. No coffee. On my annual physicals, my ekg has always been great. An athlete s heart. My bottom number has always been in the upper 80 s however.
output: Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that these blood pressure values are high, but a single high blood pressure value is not an indicator or chronic arterial hypertension.  It could be related to psychological stress or physical activity.  For this reason, I would recommend you to closely monitor your blood pressure values frequently during the day, in the next days, in sitting position, after 10 minutes of total relax. If your blood pressure values are above the normal ranges (125/85 mmHg), I would recommend consulting with your attending physician and performing some tests to investigate the possible underlying causes: - a chest X-ray study-complete blood count, PCR, ESR - thyroid hormone levels for thyroid gland dysfunction- blood electrolytes- fasting glucose-kidney and liver function tests-cortisol and aldosterone plasma levels for possible a Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  

input: HI Im 23 years old, a year ago I was living in  south america and got a bad case of what i thought was tonsillitis.  After a two week period of antibiotics was able to come back to the states and saw my dr who after doing some lab work diagnose me with Mono.  Recently my lab work showed very elevated liver enzymes so i had to see a specialist who  found salmonella in my system.  Could the original diagnose of mono had been incorrect and all along i had salmonella?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query. Yes, it is possible, but mono is more likely since there was throat infection associated with elevated LFT. Salmonella rarely cause LFT elevation unless there was blood poisoning. So I suggest doing blood tests to verify is it mono. This is routine test today. After you establish right diagnosis, the treatment can be started. Wish you good health. Regards.

input: Sir,im prakash from hubli,and i want treatment or medicines or near any hospitals for this as im now 18yrs and i was masturbating from 15yrs and now physically and mentally very weak i cant concentrate on studies and also my height is getting short .weightlossing,muscle pains and so on,so please give me some suggetions
output: HelloThanks for query. Based o the facts that to have posted it seems that you have been indulged in masturbation since 3 years and now facing health problems like general weakness, muscle pain and loss of ability to concentrate etc. which you think these problems to be due to habitual masturbation. First there is myth in a mind of common man that excessive masturbation is the reason of all sexual and general health problems But I would like to state that it has been discussed in scientific forums all over the world and proved scientifically that masturbation does not have any negative effect on any organ or system in the body. All the problems that you are facing now are mind related and due to anxiety. Following measure will help you to boost up your confidence and improve your heath. 1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning. 2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc 3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 everyday4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. Avoid frequent masturbation and restrict it to twice a week Chat Doctor. .

input: Hello doctor, Am 30 years old. I am having a problem with my penis. I am getting burning sensation inside my foreskin and I could find some whitish dead tissues/cells when I pull down the foreskin. It stopped many times when I apply some ointments. But not getting rid off it permanently. Please help me.
output: Hi, It seems that you might be having chronic prostatitis. Common cause is non cleaning Sega collected on glans. Clean Sega daily by averting foreskin while taking shower. Apply triple action cream for few days. Ok and take care.

input: I want children.. I have none, I ve suffered a stillborn and one miscarriage. Ever since my still born, my menstrual cramps are severe to the point I m crying in pain then exhausted falling asleep also, the pain is only on my right side. My gyno for my miscarriage did not take into consideration my questions and worries. They said my ultra sound looked healthy. I m trying to get pregnant still new at it but have no idea if there is something wrong I just need advice, even what to ask my gyno next time.
output: Hello, I can understand your concern. First let me ask you some questions are you consciously married? How was your ultrasound of your stillborn (how many months baby) did it show any abnormalities?. It's better for you to go for genetic counselling. That might help you to detect any chromosomal abnormalities. It can be done by a blood test of you and your husband. If its normal then no need to worry otherwise try to avoid travel. Eat healthy stay healthy and also do a blood test to rule out viral infection.

input: i had unprotected sex twice yesterday with my boyfriend about 30-45 minutes after each other, but he finish in me and im on birth control but lately i havent really had a chance to take it around the same time at night & I ve missed a night taking it, im wondering if i should take plan b
output: Hello misunderstand your concernAccording to your history you missed one pill. But if It is just 24 hours after missing pill then take two tablets simultaneously means missed tablet and that day tablet together.  So take birth pills together that prevent the pregnancy but take the remaining tablet regularly. So in this case no need of Play B pill. But if 24 hours has been crossed, and you did not take missed pill then you have to take plan B as early as possible or with in 72 hours after sex to prevent the pregnancy. Hope this will help you Best regards

input: My 10 yr old daughter has started experiencing light headedness, dizziness, and shaking when playing or practicing sports. While playing soccer she breaths very heavy then hits a wall about 15 min into the game. Recently she has taken up ppitching for softball and during her lessons she sees spots, bright lights, feels like she will pass out, and becomes nausious. Our Dr thought it might be exercise induced asthma but even with the inhaler she still has these issues. Could there be something else I should have her tested for?
output: DearWelcome to ChatDoctorWe understand your concerns went through your details. Your doctor, before coming to his conclusion, that the problem could be exercise induced asthma, must have gone through ritualistic physical and pathological investigations. In that case, if the investigations are done, the problem could be anxiety and obsession. Anxiety could also cause such symptoms, but there will not be any organic reasons. Your 10-year young girl is learning life and at this age, they learn diseases too. At such an age, obsessing with health problems are also common. She could need health related psychological counseling. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute detail possible. Hope this answers your query.  Further clarifications are welcome. Good luck. Take care.

input: If a 15 yr old looses his C5 Vertibrae in a diving accident and it is replaced by a bone from his foot - what are the likely short and long term reprocussions of this.  He also has not a broken spine but a compressed and swollen spine from the accident that happened 3 weeks ago.  He has been paralyized but has regained feeling in his toes, feet, knees, can feel urinating, passing stool and farting, can feel his shoulder and move one hand and his eyes.
output: The foot should do just fine post replacement. But he obviously has some level of spinal cord injury. His ultimate functional level will likely be determined by where he is at functionally/neurologically at about the 12-week mark. So, he should be a part of a good Spinal Cord Rehabilitation program to maximize his recovery.

input: my boyfriend has been complaining of pain in his abdomen along with this pain is tenderness, this is located on his left side. he also has been experiencing some heart burn in the morning along with coughing. he states the pain is always there it just is not a severe at times
output: Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If Is were his doctor, after a personal physical examination of his abdomen, I would have advised for an ultrasound of the abdomen to rule out any intro abdominal organ pathology. I would also advise him not to eat from outside if he does as intestinal infections might creep in through outside food. Some routine tests like stool for ova and cyst, urine routine/microscopic and blood test (CBC) might also aid in making the diagnosis. Till then, he might go for some anti-spasmodic Chat Doctor.  Further management would depend on reports of the investigations. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.

input: My son who has mental health problem  virtually behaves normally outwardly.Sometimes ago he used to urinate into a bottle and throw it outside.Now he believes that his bed and mattress are not good  though we bought a new solid bed and mattress only about a year old.He eats strangely mostly vegetables and plenty of  chicken breast with no fat perhaps up to 15 a day.Recently started eating so much banana -up to 2 to 3 bunches up to 15-20 a day. He dances almost all night and sleeps thereafter till past midday. Refuses to sleep on his bed despite buying new mattress for himself few days ago.He is 25.In the past had insisted there was a problem with his jaw when there was nothing wrong,spent so much money seeing all sorts of practitioners.His bizarre behaviour is baffling  and puts us under severe stress especially as he has refused to take full dose of medication prescribed and only cuts it and takes about a tenth
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor He is showing abnormal behavior like refusing to sleep on mattress, urinating in bottom then throwing out, eating strangely, refusing to accept the problem and not visiting a doctor. All these problems can occur normally also, but they are causing significant distress so need further evaluation by a Psychiatrist. He might be having abnormal beliefs or delusional ideas that something is wrong. Due to some psychological change he might be showing such abnormal and bizarre symptoms. Other possibility is some mood disorder or more specifically bipolar. He is showing symptoms like dancing all night, refusing to advise of parents etc. These symptoms could raise possibility of some mood disorder. I would advise you to take him to a Psychiatrist for evaluation of symptoms and to make proper diagnosis. Medicines like antipsychotic Chat Doctor. Thanks hope this helps you

input: i am on a combination of Siphene and Duphoston. When I went for my follicular monitoring, the egg growth reached 25. I have multiple cysts in my ovaries and have irregular periods which gets delayed by 6-7 months mostly. How should I go about conceiving now? Pls help!
output: Hello, You might be having PCs. As of now continue the present line of management. PCs is a difficult condition to manage and is a major cause for female infertility. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care 

input: A parent just shared that her almost-adult son has displayed voluntary encopresis.  There are sometimes remains left in the bathtub.  This young man has also begun stealing from people and he describes that it is like an addiction, where he wakes up thinking about stealing.  His parents are divorced, he lives with Dad and Step-mother who constantly criticizes him.  He was an outstanding baseball player, but began stealing from teammates.  He is defiant at home, his grades are falling, hes lost interest in the things he used to do, such as baseball.  The adults dont forgive him and theyve stripped him of a phone, a bedroom door, etc. and have given him no way to earn things back.  This young man says hes not suicidal; hes using pot.  This is such a mental disorder and I dont want to do more harm to him as a school counselor.  What type of therapy do you suggest?  How do I get the parents to understand this behavior is very much about them?
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor I think, he has conduct disorder or cannabis induced psychosis and in that case, he needs proper mental evaluation by psychiatrist. If he has conduct disorder, then he needs behavioral therapy. Being a counselor, you can try positive and negative reinforcement in his case. That would help to modify his behavior. In case of psychosis, he would improve with antipsychotic Chat Doctor.  Better to tell them to consult a psychiatrist. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: Iv recently had major back surgery and was taking paracetamol for a long period thought it was better than codeine based tablets due to co sit patios etc ...just had liver function test and my results come back not good.. My gap said may have been anaesthetic still in my system had only been 3 weeks when I had tests done but could this also be due to paracetamol ?
output: Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. This is more likely due to paracetamol than to anesthesia. You should stop taking it and repeat LFT in a month. If this is still raised you should do liver ultrasounds and check viral markers because there can be some liver disorder. Till that, avoid alcohol and follow some hepatoprotective diet. Wish you good health.

input: HiI have a small lump on my inner upper arm about 1 inch from my inner elbow. The lump is slightly sensitive to touch and I only noticed it a few days ago. There is no bruising in the area to suggest a knock. The lump does move as I can move it with my fingers. Hopefully nothing and just after a bit of advice on whether or not I should see a doctor.Many thanks in advance for your helpSteven
output: Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for medical and physical examination. Based from your description, it could be a cyst (a sebaceous or a gelatinous type), a fibrous or a lipoma. These lesions can occur anywhere in the body and have the tendency to recur.  Management (medical and surgical if indications are found and the lesion is bothersome for you already) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor. 

input: Hi, I had my wisdom teeth taken out about a week and a half ago and had no problems what so ever with them. In fact I was off pain medicine on the third day and only had minor swelling to show what had happened. About half an hour I was brushing my teeth and this piece of clear-white tissue came out along with some dark brown streaks on it. It came out of the lower gum socket that has been catching food a lot. Early it had been bothering me and I cleaned it out, but it still felt like there was something in there. So Im wondering if that was in fact part of the important healing process or a piece of food? And if it was important is there any chance that I still might get a dry socket or have it get infected? Sorry about this being so long. Thank you so much!! ~Ana
output: HiWelcome to ChatDoctorAs you mentioned this is not a case of  ChatDoctor. 

input: HI Sir my age is 27 height 5.2ft approx weight 85-90kg approx am attacked by jaundice in 2012 April i took 2 doses of herbal medicine from local expert and i also took Himalaya 52 tablets for 1 month. later i took my regular diet but my urine still in yellow color if i drink water fully urine will normal for that time, recently again in 2012 November again i found symptoms of jaundice i went to consult doctor he told my jaundice does not healed and went for blood check up and i found s.Rubin at 2.4 and sgpt 75 as on 7/12/12 and doctor suggested ursokem 300mg for 15 days twice daily after taking that medicine as on 26/12/12 my s.Rubin at 1.6 and sgpt 41 again i took same medicine for 10 days and stopped it and again tam normal oil food and non-veg items again i went to same blood test as on 26/1/13 my s. bilirubin at 1.2 and my sgpt level at 105 my urine still in light yellow color if take plenty of then urine will be in normal.
output: Hi, jaundice can be due to an obstructive or hemolytic. Specific biological/blood exams and morphology exams (ultrasound) with the aid of a good clinical Acute onset jaundice and chronic, repeated episode and a one time episode are evaluated differently. Associated symptoms like fever, weight loss, past history of alcohol abuse and some Chat Doctor.  It is always important to carry out blood tests for Viral hepatitis viruses B and C which are important causes of jaundice. Liver enzymes are however important for monitoring and giving an orientation to cause. You shall also need an ultrasound and other blood tests. The ideal situation would be for you to consult a gastroenterologist to help in making a definitive diagnoses, to orient specific treatments. Avoiding of toxins to the liver while waiting like not taking 

input: had angioplasty with senting aweekback after angina pain. i had undergone bypass surgery 22 years back.out of 4 grafts only swg to lad was patent with 95% blockage.angioplasty was done on swg to lad and lcx. taking aspirin,clopdogrel,atorvastanin,cilostazole,amlodipidine,motolor,ramipril and ismo after the angioplasy. what are the chances of success.what precautions are needed toavoid recurrence of angina.
output: Hi, The most important thing is to keep taking your medication, with a good lifestyle free from stress and anxiety with healthy food. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. 

input: Hi I have had pain at the base of my skull on the right side when I exert or strain myself . This has been going on for about 4 weeks. I had a ct scan with imaging and it was negative. I have an appointment with a neuro surgeon in a few weeks but this has really taken a lot out of Me because I don t know what it is Currently taking lorazepam which helps somewhat
output: Hi, Thank you for posting your query. First, I would like to reassure you that your symptoms do not suggest anything serious, as your CT scan of the brain is normal. Only very small tumors may get missed on CT scan, which can be picked up on MRI brain. Lorazepam is a Chat Doctor.  There is no need to worry at present. Neurosurgery consultation and MRI brain would sort out the issue. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, 

input: My husband and I are TTC. I was put on clomid on day 3 of my menstral cycle. I am now a week late. I have taken 2 hpt s which resulted in neg. I went to my dr today and got a blood test done, which also came back negative. I have rarely been late for my cycle...only a day or two a few times. I took Benadryl last night. Could I still be pregnant even with the negative results?
output: HI. Thanks for writing. I understand your concern. If the blood test is also negative there is less chance of pregnancy.  But you can wait for 1 more week for spontaneous onset of periods.  Hope I have answered your query. Good day

input: My dad had a Heart attack on 22.11.11 and was hospitalised and taken the angiogram, and the report was he has block in one valve about 80% and in another valve he had 60% , Doctor suggests to have a angioplast. Please advise we have to do the angiplasty immediately. And also let us know the best hospital and doctor for doing the angipplast with the lower cost and what will be the cost to doing that in bangalore.
output: For the blocks ranging from 60 --90% angioplasty is the best solution. Please go ahead with the procedures as early as possible. Best hospital with cheaper rates are Narayana Himalaya centers, still cheaper withhold stent cost is Jayden hospital. You can discuss the cost at the help desk of the following hospitals. All the best

input: Hello. I have recovered from bronchitis and acute sinusitis. I continue to have excessive mucus production in my sinuses but my nose doesnt run. I am not sneezing as one would with allergies. I feel as though there is a big ball of phlegm or mucus posterior and superior to my uvula, and I feel as though I am constantly swallowing mucus. I can taste food but as soon as I am finished eating the foul taste in my mouth returns. My tongue has a coating on it that my doctor diagnosed as thrush and put me on a liquid oral medicine. The thrush is better but not all the mucus. I also seem to have heartburn when I lay down to sleep at night. Your thoughts?
output: The acute attack turns to chronic in allergy you have to treat sinuses after getting EAY do neat moment take metro 200 mg beta Allegra 120 mg busy genus 2 SF tdsneomycin h due ointment in nose based water 2 Chat Doctor. 

input: I am 67 years old, measuring 173 cm and weighing 85kg. After the death of my wife 6 months ago, I got a medium level depression (which I am treating with a daily intake of 1mg vitamin B12). I went to Morocco for work to change my mind. After about 6 weeks I got the flu there. Two brilliant local doctors confirmed to me that I had to take immediately an antibiotic because I supposedly had a pneumonia. I did it and promptly lost about 12kg in about one week, for lack of food intake possibility due to a totally blocked colon and suddenly strong stomach cramps and breathing problems. I returned quickly to Sweden where the emergency Dr. detected immediately asthma generated by a virus. I have managed to get completely rid of the asthma in the lungs since then.Now for the last 6 weeks about, my nose suffers from a strange problem. The problem started with a very strong liquid (non salty tasting) mucus discharge, followed by a total nose blockade. I tried Otrivin and similar products and Claritine with almost no effect.When coming home my nose is usually ok for the first 30 minutes. Afterwards the nose starts plugging until a total block of both nostrils. No mucus is running. When I take the car to go to the nearest shopping mall, my two nostrils open up again slowly over a period of about 30 minutes and become totally normal again in the mall. Returning home, my problem starts again.What is my problem? I am thinking of a birch wood allergy, since 70% of my furniture is made of birch.
output: Hello, thanks for your query, pneumonia not treated properly can show as a respiratory difficulty. Even allergic rhinitis(sneezes, running nose, nasal blocks) untreated can go for allergic asthma. Kindly visit an ENT surgeon for further evaluation(allergic polyp) and treatment. All the best. Take care.

input: Sir how can I stop my problem of night fall ... m too much stressed. .. I masturbated since 8 years ... now I don t bt pursuing with the problem of night fall... and my penis is small... plz. Help me doctor .. tell me any natural or ayurvedic medicine ... my age just 18 years old :(
output: Greetings. Inability to control emotions allow a male to get too excited during sleep which causes nightfall & making the organ small which is a normal phenomenon until & otherwise its within the normal physiological limit of an individual. Most of the people have many wrong ideas about nightfall - that it causes ill effects on health like nervous weakness, reduced energy, etc. or sexual problems like impotence in the future all of which is NOT true and these are just myths and misconceptions provided they are within certain limit. For too much stress, i advice you to do activities(Play outdoor games you like / Read books/ get along with friends / meet your relatives/ etc., ) that relaxes mind keeping you fresh.

input: I was in an auto accident three weeks ago and had a 10 inch black and purple bruise on my right breast and collar bone are with hard lumps underneath.  The bruising is gone and the hard lumps are slowly going away.  However, I am now having pain and burning in my collar bone.  It seems to be getting worse.  Im wondering if it is a bruise.  Thank you.
output: Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. It is good that the bruising is gone. The pain and the burning in the collar bone area may be due to either there is a hairline fracture for which you have to get X-ray of the area with a pointer kept on the spot of pain. Another possibility is the sensory nerves are getting entrapped into the scar tissue and giving you a typical burning sensation. This would go away on its own. IF severe, request your Doctor to give medicines for the same.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... I Have Taken my wife to the hosptail 4 times in the last week starting last friday because she is pregnet with are 3rd child and started to bleed they did test and told us to come back monday the 30 and took blood her hormon levels went up from what thay were on friday and told us to come back on the 1st to see if her levels went up and they did and they did a utrasound and saw something but shes only 5 to 6 weeks along still t early they say and they told us to come back friday the 3rd and the levels went up again and told us to come back tuesday the 7 my wife is complaining of being dizzy tonight but does not want to go wait in the hosptial because we have no incince and shes worried about the bill after being the 4 times already what do i do and watch for?
output: Hi there,Bleeding or spotting in early pregnancy, may mean a threatened abortion or an ectopic pregnancy. Both these conditions require continuous monitoring and treatment, which is why they are asking you to go back to the hospital for further evaluation. Repeated blood tests and ultrasound are required to know the location and normalcy of the pregnancy. If it is a threatened abortion, there is a high chance of the pregnancy continuing normally, but the first 12 weeks will be difficult. In case of ectopic pregnancy either medical or surgical treatment is definitely required. If your wife is having dizziness then it should not be ignored, and you need to see the doctor as advised. Hope this helps. Regards.

input: Hi , DoctorMy boyfriend have problem, that he get high anger for small issue . now he doing BE but he get 3 drop in study, thats why he loose his control over there anger. Now the situation that he cant control his anger. So please tell me how i help him to control his anger.
output: HiT hanks for using Chat Doctor I think, he has depression and due to depression, he is losing his temper. In that case, you should consult a psychiatrist for proper diagnosis and treatment. He needs antidepressant that would help him to come out of depression. Better to consult a psychiatrist as soon as possible. In case, you need further help, you can ask. Thanks

input: I am an 18 year old girl. About two weeks ago I started noticing little red patches showing up on my shoulders, stomach, back but never below my torso. They are dry but they dont hurt and almost never itch. Im finding new ones every few days. All i have tried is lotin thinking its dry skin.
output: Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. I would keep a possibility of discoid dermatitis, which is characterized by Chat Doctor.  The underlying cause being 

input: I have a very sensitive gag reflex. I had a tooth extracted last week and when they were doing xrays I was gagging and while I was gagging I felt this horrible headache the worst ever on my forehead and back of head. I also get this type ofheadache when I get an itchy throat and cough and keep coughing. Thanks.
output: Hi, thanks for your query. This is a normal defense mechanism that prevents foreign bodies from entering trachea. Gagging can be managed by distraction techniques, relaxation,systemic desensitization. You can have cold water rinse or a citrus chocolate prior to dental radiographic procedure which helps you a lot. Hope this is helpful.

input: Hello, im 14 years old and I am currently in Canada but I will soon be residing in Ethiopia. I have consulted an orthodontist in my area and I am in need of braces. But I would really like to get started with my treatment in Ethiopia. I have many friends who have got their braces done there and I am well aware that there are clean, good quality places. I will be staying there for a while and I believe I will save a lot of time by getting started. But the thing is, I am going to come back to Canada. So my question is, will my local orthodontist be able to continue my treatment?
output: Hello, Thank you for consulting with Chat Doctor. Yes definitely your local orthodontist will be able to continue the treatment in Canada, you just have to keep all the records of your previous orthodontist, as it will help him to know the current condition of your treatment. Hope it will help you.

input: I have had pulmonary hypertension for at least ten years.  I have elected not to have a right heart cath.  My symptoms are minimal and I have so many other health issues that I am not certain what is caused by the pulmonary hypertension.  When I am conditioned I can walk up two flights of stairs and am not short of breath.  I am just wondering what life as to hold for me
output: Hi thanks for asking question. You have to take care regarding taking regular Chat Doctor. Take enough rest. Regularly do moderate exercise. Avoid smoking strictly. Take care not travelling to very high altitude. Take low salt diet. Depending on stage you might need oxygen therapy. With lifestyle change and regular medication intake will improve your life. If you does not take care then chances of right side heart failure is there. So follow above measures along with your physician prescription. I hope my suggestion will helpful to you.

input: We have been with my wife several times the past two months. Her bp is running high, she has had MRI/mra, heart cath, nothing shows up there. She also has severe headaches, Friday her cheeks turned blood red and did today. Friday night we happened to see a cardiologist he thinks it is pheochromocytoma or carcinoid syndrome, what do you think?
output: Cheeks turning red means there is increase in blood supply to the cheek. It can be in response to heat, as the body is trying to get rid of heat. It can also happen with different diseases. If it is coming again and again without external cause then it should be investigated, Especially if blood pressure is high then pheochromocytoma can cause.

input: hi sir  well my name is alex and i am 24 yrs old and i  am doing  masterbuating when i was in tention and now i feel that  my pennis is not errecting properly and there is no stamina in that and pennis is also bend it and now i need a help what to do i dont understand and i have show this problem for ayurvedic doctors and they have given the booty  and etc and after that medicine is taken that time my pennis is working and  i have left that tab for eating 2 months and now the problem has come once again what to do tell me.
output: Sellotaped on the fats that you have posted it seems that you have been indulged in frequent and habitual masturbation since many years and now facing problems related to sexual activities. First there is myth in a mind of common man that excessive masturbation is the reason of all sexual problems But I would like to state that it has been discussed in scientific forums all over the world and proved scientifically that masturbation does not have any negative effect on any organ or system in the body. All the problems that you are facing now are mind related and due to anxiety. Following measure will help you to boost up your confidence and getting good erection. 1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning. 2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc 3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 everyday4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. Chat Doctor. .

input: My grandmother had 11 children but one after the other were dying within months of their birth. It was only my aunt who had survived. My father was born (number 12th child in the house). At his birth the midwife advised my grandparents that -the milk of my grandmother might be poisonous for baby and my grandparents sought help from friends to find a mother who can breastfeed their son (my father). a mother from other faith was found and she nursed my father like her own son. My father and grandparents are all gone but during funeral of my sister in January, 2011, my cousin (the eldest son of my late aunt) mentioned this in one of the family gatherings. We all know about this but since it came back down the memory lane, I was wondering to know, what could have been the cause for those deaths? Can mother milk be poisonous? Also, I would now like to visit Pakistan, the ancestral town of my parents/grandparents/greatgrandparents.. to find the family that helped our grandparents. We are Hindus and had to leave Pakistan at the time of partition in 1947, and the lady that breastfed my father was a muslim. Both aspects are important to me now. Regards
output: Hide sure about one thing, mothers milk is the best possible food in world for babies. It is advised not to be given only in very rare genetic condition called galactosemia (but in that case any other persons milk will also be harmful) and some Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a 37 year old female. I m getting over bronchitis, however I m feeling worse in a new way. I am coughing, fast heart rate that feels like it s pounding, dizzy, nausea, and just a general I don t feel good. I m weak and can t do much without tiring. My hemoglobin levels were elevated some. Any clue?
output: Post viral cough is disturbing. Just try some warm saline gargles. As well as if your tiredness is unbearable kindly revisit your doctor again.

input: I have had the implanon for nearly 12months, past 2 months I have had a period every week, only for a few days, it is dark brown, clotty, and causes terrible cramps, I have also noticed my stomach has been bloated (never normally bloated and not changed diet in any way) I am a healthy size 8 so cant put it down to lifestyle. I have been off food, with a constant sick feeling, but terribly thirsty.
output: Hello, Implanon is quite effective against unwanted pregnancy and its failure rate near about 0.1%. Here, you need to undergo one TVS scan to exclude possible miscarriage. Other reasons are side effect of implant, hormonal imbalance, unnoticed uterine polyp/ fibroid, adenomyosis, DUB, pelvic infection etc. Following initial test, you need to consult with gynecologist for next investigation and suggestive medication. You may need to use other contraceptive method if implant causes that. Maintain genital hygiene. Take healthy diet with iron supplements. Be well.

input: sir i want to a best surgion doctor in gorakhpur u.p. In india. Because a uterour tumere in my mother.
output: Hello Thanks for query there are many good surgeons and gone who can operate uterus tumor. Gynec are better and more competent. Hope I have answered your question well to your satisfaction. Wish you speedy complete recovery at the earliest.

input: I have a sister who is mentally retarded aged 40 years.  From last two months she is behaving abnormal. She is always restless and starts weeping.  In last week, she left home twice without informing and traced after 4-5 hours in my brothers house which is 6-7 km from my house.
output: Hello, Most probably she is having some new psychiatric. Problem, but one needs to talk to her or at least know why she runs or cries? If she is fearful of something or sad.? Answer to the reason of her behavior will decide which Chat Doctor.  Without knowing this it will be wrong to put her on any new 

input: hello! I have been bleeding for going on over a month. I started bleeding two weeks after period had ended. its getting worse. what can cause this? i am on 20mg celexa a day as well as 2mg clonazepam 2 times a day. I have had gallstones since may. could that be related? my grandma whos an RN said to go get checked out bc I dont ever have much appetite and I dont eat any meat so shes worried Im anemic or need a hysterectomy :( please help!! samy coy
output: Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Usually Escitalopram and clonazepam does not have effect of menses or blood coagulation factors. So you should consult your gynecologist for detailed evaluation and examination. Doctor may advise you to go for blood tests including hologram, bleeding time, clotting time and ultrasound. Treatment would be directed as per cause. You may need iron supplement if your hemoglobin level is low. I hope It will help. Thanks.

input: Can a baby girl get ring worm in her vagina area? 9 mo old baby, cousin that lives with her was just diagnosed w ring worm, she also today started a yellow greenish discharge from her vagina and has a red ring area around her vagina, no clear ring, just redness in a circle right now
output: Hi, Thankyou for query. Brief answer.get a swab test done first. Detailed answer... Since ring worm can occur using infected towels or sharing clothes with infected person. But as your baby is also discharging, so get a swab test done to differentiate between chlamydia or fungal infection and treat accordingly. For ring worm you may apply statin powder and cortisone cream 2 times a day daily for few days and follow accordingly. Hopefully my answer is helpful. Chat Doctor. 

input: My mother just has ESWL for removing the kidney stone in her left kidney. Just to let you know that she has diabetic and has performed conventional surgery and URS two years ago for the same problem. Unlike those previous therapies, after ESWL my mom s face looks little bit swollen. Could you please let me know what is the possible cause of this?
output: HiT hanks for the query.ESL by itself is unlikely to cause facial swelling. There are a number of possible reasons to get facial swelling like excess fluid administration, Chat Doctor. If the symptoms persist consult a physician who will examine her and suggest further investigations and treatment. Good luck.

input: Hi my 5 motnhs ols son has always had green paste like stools . He is formula fed, we had been using Enfamil till now , but few days back we changed to NAN since the former is unavailable in market at this time . He is now passing stools twice a day but watery and smelly please suggest.
output: Hi....what you quote is normal. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. Do not use antibiotics. Antibiotics might worsen if unnecessarily used causing antibiotic associated diarrhea. Hope my answer was helpful for you. Happy to help anytime. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome.

input: I fell yesterday landing on the left outer area of my left shin.  I have arthritis in that knee but more towards the inside of the knee.  My skin felt like it had road rash, but the skin didnt break is just rough (I had on jeans, so thats probably why).  Now it is numb.  Should I be concerned and get this checked out, or is this normal?
output: Hi I am Chat Doctor. .  In my opinion, i don't won't you to be worried and for many patients I suggest icing it for the first 48 hours, NSAIDs painkiller like Advil when needed, massaging it with topical gels, elevation your left leg on a pillow and avoid bending will be effective for such cases. For the numbness actually its quiet rare but happens when trauma or the swelling affect the nerve supplying this area which will subside when swelling decreases. Otherwise, I recommend X-rays to exclude minor fissures or fracture on your shin-bone. Please click THANK YOU and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Hope the above information helps you, Any further clarifications feel free to ask.

input: hi i am 68 years old male my urine test report colour straw, specific gravity-1.014, deposit-absent,appearence-clear, ph-acidic,protein-present,sugar-trace, ketone bodies-nil, bile salts- negetive, bile pigments-negetive, urobilinogen-normal, pus cells 3-4/HPF, rbc-nil, epithelial cells 2-3/hpf, cast nil, crystals nil, others nil. so am i suffering kidney diseases?
output: Good day! I have reviewed your urinalysis result and I saw the ff abnormalities:1. Sugar - trace - you might be needed to be tested/screened for diabetes mellitus since no sugar should be seen in the urine. The screening test for DM is a fasting blood sugar.2. Pus cells - 3-4/HP This means that there are inflammatory cells in your urine. If you are feeling urinary frequency, urinary urgency, and pain on urination you might UTI and you might need to take antibiotics (e.g. clotrimazole, ciprofloxacin) after consultation with your physician or urologist

input: Hi, I fell hard on my right side 4 days ago. It hardly hurt at all. Today I went back to work. At my job I sit for hours on end. After work I noticed that it was swelling and black and blue. As time is going by it is becoming very painful. What could this be about?  Thank you!
output: Hi, It could be a hematoma. Sometimes, hematomas can grow in size during resorption and may pain also. Change in color is due to clearing of blood products. All you need is some painkillers. If you see further increase in size and pain, consult a surgeon. Hope this helped.

input: I think i am having gallbladder attacks. After i eat i get a sharp pain in my middle back and front of the rib cage. Sometimes it is so severe i cannot handle the pain. I had an attack this past wednesday which was severe and everyday since then i have felt pain in the same places. I eat clean, 54 yrs female Both parents had gallstones when they were alive.
output: Hello Your symptoms may be due to gall bladder calculus. At present, empirically you can take strong opioid analgesics like tramadol for pain relief. You need clinical correlation and investigations. Investigations include routine hologram, renal function test, liver function test and Ultrasound of abdomen. Ultrasound of abdomen can exclude many possibilities. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor. 

input: I ve had headaches for 31 yrs, they have gradually become more frequent, so that in the last 5 yrs or so I have at least one every two days (more troublesome in the winter than summer). Headache pain is no longer confined to the right or left hemisphere, now it can be most anywhere in the head. Pain is fairly mild when the HA starts, taking 4 - 6 hrs to most painful, and lasts 12 - 16 hrs (sometimes 30+ hrs). Only 2 - 4% of the headaches are as painful as they were in the early yrs. I m experiencing pressure (tightness) mostly in my neck and head accompanied by heavy (hard) heart-beat occurring in the the most painful part of the headache. The pressure (tightness) is a dead ringer for that experienced when taking Imitrex . With the last few headaches I can feel and hear the heart beat plainly and notice it is skipping a beat (4 beats then a miss). I have low blood pressure (100 over 70), pulse 58 to low 60 s. I have seen all kinds of doctors. I ve tried just about everything but acupuncture and botox. Began taking allergy shots 2 mos ago, hoping that may be the cause as I did have HA and vomiting as a kid and took shots which greatly relieved that problem. Oh yes I m 69 yrs old.
output: Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. Forum.  As you describe the headache you are facing must be due to mental tensions, anxiety, or may be due to sinusitis.  I advise you to consult a neurologist for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I. besides other routine tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.

input: Hi, i would like to know about the ASO blood test. How is it related to knee pain? It was low for me earlier, less than the required limit, the doctor gave me medicine to bring it to normal. I was ok for a few months. Now i am having pain again, and the ASO level is high, its 300. Please let me know what is this ASO? Is there any severity if its low or high?
output: Yes its absolutely have significance. . AS is anti streptomycin O an antibody elevated in rheumatic fever and is values coincides with d disease activity and symptom wise. . . Its necessary to monitor its lab values for disease control as an indicator of disease activity.

input: As per the child specialist my grand daughter of 2 months is suffering from G.E.R.D. Inspite of giving her Omeprazole, Reglan and a host of other allopathic drugs, her health is not improving. I am looking forward for some other alterative medicines, like Unani/Ayurvedic or others, as her pain is unbearable.
output: ****1. Since the case is diagnosed esophageal motility disorder [G.E.R.D] thus following preventive aspect can be tried & since age is 2 months I won't recommend any single Chat Doctor.  Bland and soft diet, more of milk [thickened feedings]. Avoid hot 

input: Hi, Im Sean Marsh and I have been exorcising constantly since the beginning of this month and have started getting these short delays in my heart with a sudden thud. Is there any cure for this problem? I hear that it is caused from stress. I went for a seven mile walk the other day and it started happening.
output: Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I read carefully your question and understand your concern. It is normal to have some ectopic beats and tachycardia during physical activity and anxiety. But a cardiac arrhythmia can not be ruled out, based only on your symptomatology. I recommend consulting with the GP for a physical examination, a resting ECG and some tests like: a routine blood test, thyroid hormone levels, kidney and liver function tests, blood sugar and blood electrolytes, to exclude other causes of cardiac arrhythmia. An ambulatory 24-hour ECG monitoring may be necessary to exclude possible cardiac arrhythmia. Hope to have been of help! Best wishes,

input: Hi Doctor ,My wife is suffering for the Joint pain for long time , all the test we did like anti ccp , uric acid, CRP,TLC,DLC, ESR ,blood sugar are within the normal limits. However her pain increases with the swelling in the left leg whenever she walls even for short distance few steps only. Please advice
output: Hi, Thanks for your query. Repeated joint pains can be due to multiple causes at this age the commonest being poly arthralgia. Other causes can be rheumatoid arthritis, gout, inflammatory diseases like SHE, bursitis, fibromyalgia, etc. For proper diagnosis, some blood tests are advisable like- 1. Serum calcium levels.2. Serum Uric acid levels.3. RA factor4. ESR and CRP5. Serum Creatinine6. X-ray of affected joints. You need a thorough clinical examination followed by investigations under the guidance of an orthopedic. Till then for symptomatic relief, you can take over the counter analgesics, do hot fomentation and apply local analgesic gel on the affected areas. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care

input: Hello doctor,I am using lomela cream for one year (continuously 10-15 days in 3-4 months gaps only)  when i use this ointment only then pigmentation sign disappear/lighter but after some time it appear again.  Please advise me the method of use and has it any side effects for long time usage.  (I am 40 yr old Indian woman)Regards
output: Hi,Lomela cream contains hy ChatDoctor. I do not recommend hy

input: Im 21 years old and am worried about my fertility. I am engaged and have been trying to concieve with my partener for 2 years with no luck my periods have never been regular but have gone from 31-45 days to 4-6 months the last time my period was *regular* i had a intro and external scan in hospital (30mins after i began) and the nurse said my lining was 1.6mm and that i shouldnt be experiencing a period. Im getting very concerned and although i know im still young its having a great impact on my life (crying/depression) please help as all my doctors say is dont worry and im sure itll be fine. Many thanks
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. This could be due to ovulatory cycles. Due to irregular cycles there will be no ovulation which is cause of infertility.  I suggest you to get follicular study to know the time of ovulation and plan accordingly. Or you may go for ovulation inducing Chat Doctor.  This will help multiple follicles to mature and rupture. Thus increasing chances of pregnancy. Hope I have answered your query. Regards

input: Hi Dr. Manjunath.About three days ago my daughter was resting her head on my chest. She jerked her body and her head hit my left breast really hard. I immediately felt pain. My breast is still hurting, and I can feel a hard lump above my nipple area. What is this lump? Could the lump further develop into something serious? Thank you.
output: Hi, From history it seems that there might be having some blood collection and induration due to hard blunt hit. Apply ice pack for few days. If swelling and pain increases, consult your doctor. You might require one course of antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medicine course. Ok and take care.

input: I was suspected to have Jaundice. The tests of bilirubin showed 3.4 (conj. 0.9 & unconj. 2.5) and 2.2 (conj. 0.8 and unconj. 1.4) and SGPT as 36 and 34. The test for HBsAg was negative (using ELISA method). The ultrasonography of the whole abdomen revealed that only the size of the liver is 139 mm (co-axial length) and spleen is 136 mm (co-axial length), while the rest are fine. The test for Liver Function revealed that everything was fine except the Bilirubin level shows 5.7 (conj. 0.9 & unconj. 4.8) and SGPT as 36. I do not have any vomiting tendency nor do I feel weak. I have a sound sleep, my urine colour is not yellowish, but my eye ball is having some yellowish colour. Sometimes there is formation of gas in the stomach and the stool is not upto the mark. I drink a lot of water (around 4 & 1/2 ltrs.) daily. The doctor has said that this is a harmless jaundice and is due to some enzyme deficiency which is by birth. He also has suggested to lead a normal life and said there is nothing to worry. Now may I please be suggested that if this has really nothing to worry or if there is any medication available to rectify the problem. Looking forward for your valuable reply.
output: Hi Klaus welcome to Chat Doctor forumLooking to your problems, You suffer from Conjugated Hyperbilirubinemia. It might be due to Gilbert syn Chat Doctor. 

input: I have found a lump under my left breast on the lower rib cage, it hurts when I cough and in general aches a little. My doctor already thinks i have IBS and possible Celiac, which I am being tested for. I just recently had the contraceptive implant in to. What could it be?
output: Hi, Dear,With whatever details you gave it's really difficult to arrive at the causal reason. Still In my opinion-it could be-due to the IBS. Revert with more query and info for more help. Thnks for the query and Welcome again.

input: Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here...I went yesterday to have my BP check because I have been having strange feeling headaches and it was 140/82; my normal readings are usually between 100-110/70ish range. I am 37 and I am not overweight.
output: Weight might not have any relation with blood pressure. Kindly get your blood pressure monitored for some time and start an antihypertensive Chat Doctor.  It is important to reduce salt intake because sodium is a factor in high blood pressure. Hope it helps. Kindly do not postpone or ignore as a high BP has grave consequences on organs

input: Sir I Have Hepatitis B since 2008 and my PCR report is positive with viral load 1,205.09u/m Dr. suggest me the lamivoudin tablets, but I dont use it, because someone said me that said tables have many side effect and if I use cold nature food then I get of rid from it....Dr. Please suggest what I should do.........please.
output: Thank you for posting your query at Chat Doctor.herb diagnosed and lamivudine advice.it's a safe Chat Doctor. It would take 6 to 8 weeks for the viral serology to improve and maybe 3 to 6 months for the viral load to come down to a value where treatment is not required and observation is sufficient. However, further advice is:- abstinence from "Alcohol and 

input: Hi, My name is Billy and iam on desibility and i Make `175  month and my wife dont work she needs to be on desibility she has sugar. Her teeth needs fixed and i have false teeth. My top plate i droped and i lost 1 tooth diwn the bathroom sink and the other tooth i found. The bottom plate i havnt wore since they were made. The dentist didnt gidnt grind the 2 bones that are in your bottom gums and when i wear them my gum bleed.
output: Hi billy... I would suggest you to visit dentist. If he has made your denture(plate) and you are having problem with that then you should contact him. One of the reason of gum bleed on wearing denture is some sharp edges which is irritating your gum. There are some oral gels, you should do mental massage over gums with that. If in case of loose plate some adhesives are available for its retention. So contact your dentist for correct treatment.

input: what would cause pain in both legs from lower back down to feet? I have rls really bad at night and when I am on my feet for a while I feel like I can hardly hold myself up, I feel like my legs are giving out. I also am not able to sleep over 4 or 5 hours a night. My hips, knees and ankles ache.
output: Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you.a thorough clinical examination is advised As pain in bilateral legs is due to the pathology of the spine. As the spine releases called as the spinal nerve roots which when trapped leads to such symptoms. Also, the nerve as dual functions of sensory and motor too. Any mild compression on the nerve will lead to any of the symptoms like motor weakness or some sensory issues like pain which can be continuous in nature. Usually with physical therapy and proper vitamins supplement the symptoms can be reduced. As in my clinical practice we recommend a combination of Chat Doctor.  As there will be weakness of the muscles of the spine and core team strengthening of it is advised to stabilize the spine and release the compression from the nerve roots. Regards Jay In

input: my son has had bloodwork and was called back to do more with the possibility of having hepatitis c is it common for the test to be wrong, if not what do we do he is a 29 yr old male who has been an addict and he has agreed to long term care and now this what do we do
output: Dear Friend. Hi, I am Chat Doctor, I have read your query in detail, I understand your concern. If he is found to be Anti HCV Antibody positive, it is possible that the report is correct as you are saying that he is an addict. I.V. Chat Doctor. If you still doubt, you can get following investigations:1. Anti HCV Antibody2. Liver Function test3. HBsAg4. HIV5. CV RNA Viral Load - Quantitative & Qualitative. Get the investigations and share with us. This is my personal opinion based on details available here.  If you want to discuss your issues further, you may please ask stay Healthy. Chat Doctor, MD

input: Hello doctor, I Donot masturbate like that much on the daily basis. But I have been masturbating from long time ago I can barely remember. I am 30 years old am not married yet and I feel my penis is so week myWalsall seminal is not like that a lot as it was before..
output: Hello dear,First, remove all myth and misconception from your mind regarding masturbation. There is no any harmful effects of masturbation as such. However, if it is done regularly then it will result in thinning of semen with low sperm count. Since you are feeling that you are addicted to masturbation, and it is interfering with your normal functioning, you can try out the following measures:1. Improve your social life by spending more time with friends and relatives.2. Keep your mind active and busy at all times either through curricular or extracurricular activities.3. Have a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, fish, nuts & honey.4. Avoid fast foods & lipid containing diet.5. Avoid smoking & alcohol.6. Stay away from pornograpChatDoctoraterials.7. Keep away stress, think positive.8. Exercise regularly & practice meditation. Wishing you a healthy lifetime care.

input: Doc does a male yeast infection cause annoying tingling and small flesh colored bumps on the penis?Reason I ask is because i had unprotected sex with a mutual friend and have had tingling and irritation a few days after. Its been about 12 days for the tingling but I have yet to see only small bumps that may or may not be herpes.So im curious to as if I have a yeast infection or herpes.I went to 2 different doctors and they said they could not see any herpes. The second doctor gave me a yeast infection cream to apply and the tingling has gone down tremendously but even after 3 days of applying there still is a hint of tingling and redness.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The history and symptoms are suggesting that you are having fungal infection rather than a viral infection like herpes, because in herpes infection there will be painful blisters, and it will subside by itself. As you are having intense itching it may be a fungal infection, but it should be confirmed by physical examination. As you are applying antifungal cream over the lesions and symptoms have come down. I would suggest you to continue this treatment for another one week, by this time it will come down.  If it is not coming down you can try systemic antifungal agents. Thank you.

input: I had blood in my urine for 5 days and then suddenly stopped. I have no pain or fever and the blood was bright red and came at the end of my stream. Now that it has stopped should I still go see a doctor, or was it probably a kidney stone? I am a 38 year old female and had cervical cancer 9 years ago that resulted in a total hysterectomy, other than that I have no other health issues.
output: Hi and thanks for the query, blood in the urine in the absence of lower urinary tract symptoms like pain on urination, frequent urination or difficulties in holding urine often lead first to the suspicion of a bladder tumor. A urine cytology and urological examination and advice is usually needed in this situation. However, possibilities of urinary tract infections must always be ruled out by carrying out routine urine cultures and anti-biotic sensitivity test. Exposures to paints in the past is an important risk factor to be considered. A past history of having spent time in water logged zone, which could be endemic to Schistosomiasis (S. Histologic) could a possibility to bear in mind too. Consulting with a urologist could be very necessary. Thanks and best regards, Luchuo, MD.

input: Hi. Im am 16 years of age and yesterday I Noticed a Somewhat medium sized( about the size or a quarter or Slightly bigger) bump on my head Close to my ear. It Is Hard and the area around it is Painful.Im Not Not sure What it is. Can someone help? Could it be A tumor?
output: Hi, Thanks for writing in. A bump on your head for a while, that is hard and firm might be a cyst arising from your scalp. It may or may not be arising from the skull. If it has been present for a long time and is slowly growing, then it must be a benign lesion. In benign firm lesion, they can be Osceola, epidermis cyst or Desmond cyst. I would suggest you to consult a neurosurgeon and get a CT scan done if necessary. Most likely it is not a brain tumor and CT scan will tell if it needs to be removed. Hope this helps.

input: hi i m male 53 yrs age. having pain in right side of pelvic area & also lower back on right side since last 15 days. i took prescribed by doc cyclopam 10 tabs, then dolonex & flagyl. pl.guide me further . the pain is still der. i just did x ray of lumbosacral spine A P Platarol. thanks.
output: Hi, thank your for posting! I have gone through your query and I understand you concerns. According to your symptoms, I think that you suffer from lumbosacral arthritis. The diagnosis is determined by taking a lumbosacral CT-scanner, abdominal ultrasound, complete blood count, fibrinogen test and urine test. The treatment is made with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications and painkillers. You should also contact your neurologist. Take care,

input: my 83 year old mother was just diagnosed with stage 3 multiple Myeloma. They have started her on Kidney dialysis 2 weeks ago and within 12 hours of dialysis her creatin level is already back to 5.2. She is in having severe pain in her arms also. The have done 2 treatments of chemo shots and they made her so sick she could not eat for 3 days. I am confused and I do not know what to do. How long will she live if she stops everything but the kiney dialysis?
output: Hello;Welcome to Chat Doctor. Your grandmother is in advanced stage of myeloma. This type of treatment she requires is called palliative care. This means using Chat Doctor.  The treatment is focused on quality rather than length of life. Regarding amount of time it is measured in months but is very difficult to guess correctly. Regards

input: I am using iud, have abdominal mild pain as well as a lower back pain. I sometimes fee discomfort as if the iud is expanding. I have headaches in the morning, and I am always tired. My appetite has changed I no longer enjoy the food I used to like. I am also taking ferous sulphate. I had a pap smear and candida was detected and treated. What could I suffering from
output: Hello mam!  Intra uterine devices are notorious for the kind of symptoms you mentioned. Loss of appetite can be multidimensional. Your abdominal and lower back pain points towards pelvic inflammatory disease. Add folic acids with A to zinc vitamins with ferrous sulfate. This will help your appetite. Other reason for appetite loss can be the routine or stress. You need to have regular 8 hours sleep use some sleeping aids for short duration if necessary.tireless and fatigue and headaches are also because of loss of appetite and PID.try some antispasmodics for the pain and simple acetaminophen for the headaches. And if the symptoms persist you can always remove your IUD and use some alternate contraception. Remember IUD is a foreign agent to the body and any foreigner is never welcomed. It adds to the adhesions, reduces the fertility rates. Increases the chances of ectopic pregnancies, Ashermans syn Chat Doctor. So you need to try coping up or give up and start an alternative way to contractive. Cheers

input: i am 12 years old. im not a very happy girl and i havnt eaten in a few days because im simply not hungry.i also wake up in the middle of the night and cant go back to sleep. i recently lost my best friend in an accedint. why is all of this happening? is it related?
output: Hi, I do understand your distress regarding your symptoms. Losing your best friend can be a very traumatic experience. The symptoms that you have mentioned is suggestive of stress leading to depression. I would advise that you talk to your parents regarding your problems and seek a psychiatric consultation. Medications like Escitalopram can be safely used in your age group and is an effective treatment option for depression. Hope this information was helpful. Best wishes.

input: I am 14 weeks pregnant. Every time I go to the dr my BP is high (usually 128/90). They said its because Im getting nervous there. When I take my BP at home, its running about 123/82. When I lay on my left side it goes down to 116/75. Now when I get up in the morning and take it, I am on my left side and it runs about 110/69. Should I worry or are my nerves getting to me.
output: Hello, This much variation is a normal thing. No need to worry about it. Hospital readings are usually higher because of nervousness And also due to activities like walking etc. prior to measurement. So I think no need to worry especially if there are no symptoms like dizziness, blackouts. Hope this helps you.

input: A 29 year old male presents with extreme burning and cramping pain upon exertion in the lower limbs. The patient is a competitive marathon runnerand recently ran the New York marathon despite the pain. The patient reports that the pain coincides with the start of physical activity. When the pain was first noticed, it subsided almsot immediately after the completion of physical activity. Over time, the pain has become more acute annd now it takes some time after the cessation of activity for the pain to subside. The patient also reports that recently numbness and and extreme weakness of the calf will result after sustained physical activity.
output: Hello, His symptoms could be related to a pinched nerve. Another possible cause to consider would be a muscle disorder or chronic venous insufficiency in the lower limbs, or a connective tissue disorder.  For this reason, I would recommend consulting with a neurologist for a physical exam and some tests: - nerve conduction studies- a Doppler ultrasound of the leg vessels- CPK plasma levels-complete blood count, PCR, ESR for inflammation-A SOT tier.  You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. 

input: My 1 yr old girl has very dark circles around her eyes and red pimples around her eyes,mouth and on her cheeks. The pimples don t have a head and seem to disappear after a day and reappear somewhere else. She sleeps for approx 12/13 hrs a night and has 2 x2hr naps in the day. Should I take her to see a doctor?
output: Hi... Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.

input: 2 weeks ago I had loop diathermy treatment after detecting advanced stage 3 pre cancerous cells on my cervix from smears and biopsys.  the treatment appeared to be successful but 10hours later I was rushed to hospital with a haemorrhage and had to be taken in for emergency treatment to stop the bleeding.Originally I had been advised not to have sex for 6 weeks, and to take precautions for up to 3 months after that due to the negative impact sperm has on the repairal of the cervix.I have 3 questions:1. Is it safe for me and my partner to perform foreplay externally?2. When can i begin exercise again?3.When will it be safe to have sex now that I have had a cervical haemorrgage?Hope someone can help x thanks
output: Hi and thank you so much for this query. I am so sorry to hear about what happened to you.1. Yes, it is very, very safe for you to have foreplay with your partner. Nothing contradicts this.2. You can start to exercise as soon as possible. There is no reason to fear. The greatest fear is with any possible act that can traumatize the cervix and nothing else. If it doesn't involve the vagina, you are safe.3. I will like you to follow up with your doctor. After examining your cervix, he would be able to tell whether the healing has reached levels that can allow you to have sex. Talk the ORGAN who carried out the procedure for follow-up review and recommendations after exams. I hope you find this helpful and it ad Chat Doctor.  Thank you so much for using our services and feel free to ask for more information and clarifications if need be. I wish you the best of health.

input: Hi i have been having abdominal pain and constipation for the past week, i wasnt able to go. for 3 days i took a laxative and i went 4 times, the first time was normal, the other 3 were watery diarrhea, and then the next three days i was eating and i still havent gone poop again. not much abdominal pain anymore though. what should i do?
output: Hi, It sems that you might be having absolute constipation giving this problem. With laxative, you got motion but still constipation persisted. Take fiber containing food. Do abdominal recto exercises daily which will stimulate peristalsis giving smoothly passing stool. Take plenty of water. Initially you may take light laxative daily for few days. Ok and take care.

input: My daughter 13 started complaining of an itchy patch below her lower lip 2 days ago. The next morning her lip was swollen and there was a pimple with a white head in the same place. She applied heat and popped the pimple to releive the pain as it felt very tight and painful. She took ibuprofen to ease pain and swelling. This morning her lip was really swollen again and pimple is yellow, applied warm cloth to it again and now it seems to be weeping, and red. What is this?
output: Hello, Welcome Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, I have gone through your query, as you have itchy patch and swollen lip don't worry it can be due to infection in tooth there can be formation of periapical pathology sinus opening. Consult dentist and go for investigations IOPAXray if there is periapical infection then go for Root canal, restoration of tooth.  Do warm saline gargle two - three times a day. Hope this will help you.

input: Hi doctor,I am age 30 years I have been taking Ipill for 1 year like 2 times a week to avoid pregnancy.I missed in july and got pregnant I did not want a baby so used unwanted kit. I and my husband are trying since 3 months to get pregnant but its not happening.Please suggest do I need to visit a gynacaelogist for help?Is it due to usage of Ipill for 1 year I will never get Pregant?Please help
output: Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I appreciate your concerns. Please be reassured that Pill does not affect your fertility. It may only cause temporary irregularity in menstrual cycles. It would have been nice if you had provided me some more information like age, BMI, regularity of cycles etc. Since you were pregnant once, you do not seem to have any apparent fertility problems. Relax.  You will conceive again. Among couples trying for baby, 80% conceive in the first year and 90% by the end of second year. So don't be stressed. Consult Gynecologist if you do not conceive in a years time. To increase your chances of conception maintain normal BMI, quit smoking (if you're a smoker) and have intercourse at least three times in a week. I hope this is helpful. If you have any further concerns do contact me through Chat Doctor.

input: I have been taking nexito 20 mg for the past 6 months. Now im feeling symptoms of tremors in my fingers. Im 22 years old male.  Is this a side-effect of taking nexito? . Im afraid if it will causes impotency. Im also takin Diclorate er-250 mg for a month
output: Hi, Regarding your concern, I would explain that your symptoms do not seem to be related to next. Decorate can be the cause of this tremor. This is a common complication of this Chat Doctor.  But, the dose of Decorate that you are taking is really low. That is why, I would recommend performing some other lab tests (complete blood count for anemia, blood electrolytes and thyroid hormone levels for possible imbalance). If these tests result normal, you should discuss with your doctor on the possibility of stopping Decorate ER. Hope to have been helpful. Let me know if I can assist you further. Best wishes, 

input: chest paini went to the hospital because i had severe chest pain and ive just had a chest infection and they given me a stronger pain killer to relive the pain because i cud not sleep and ive had one yesterday morning but it keeps coming back and i showed them a spot on my knee and he checked it and he said it was a bite but it has become more red and now its going black in the middle the size is the size of ur pupil in the eye
output: Hello there, I am Chat Doctor. If you have chest infection than you need to go for certain investigation. One of prime importance is Culture report of your throat secretion, blood culture, Complete blood count. After that treatment protocol of your chest infection is decided, and complete resolution of your chest infection is needed. I need to know are you feeling well completely now? If yes, and you have a spot on your knee that might because of some 

input: I am a 68 year old male in relatively good shape, non-smoker and non-drinker......have been informed that I have a small growth in my prostate. Test 2001 was 1.81......recent test is 4.66. Should I have a biopsy? The MD is saying yes......I have other older males who say no....I would appreciate your thoughts. Sincerely, Greg Wiechert
output: Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. No, you should go for biopsy. Rising PSA level in male is having two possibilities 1. BPH that is being prostatic hypertrophy.&2. Prostatic malignancy. There is one more test PSA velocity is used to measure the exact diagnosis if you don't want to do biopsy than you can do this test. High velocity of PSA is suggestive of malignancy. Biopsy will tell you exact nature of malignancy and its possible management. So in my advice you should go for biopsy and then further management. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.

input: Sir, my grandma is suffering from acute kidney problem. the doctors here advised her to go for dialysis treatment thrice a week. Could you please let me know the cost involved in this and also let me know if kidney transplantation can be succesful?? Her age is 65years
output: Hello, Dialysis cost around 4000 to 10000 rupees based on institutions. She can go for kidney transplantation as a last resort but chances for complications including rejection is there, and it is more common in old age. You can find a donor and consider for transplantation. You can consult your nephrologist, and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.

input: what is the meaning of feeling of impending doom?I am getting an uneasiness in my chest and pain in my left arm also a tingling feeling in the palm of my hand and fingers. I visited my dr and he said that i have a congested cartilage, but it is an uneasy feeling. I did an ekg 1 yr ago, because i was having panic attacks and was told that I am depressed. All was good with the ekg. He gave me tablets to take for it (cataflam) but I dont feel any different.I am a 2 wks away from turning 38, I am 142lbs, my height is 59 inches.
output: Respected user, Welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems in relation with psychosomatic manifestation of underlying stress and anxiety disorder.* Recommendations for better recovery-Regular basis concentration techniques, deep breathing exercises, YOGA-Balanced nutritious diet.- Avoid smoking, alcohol if using.- Analgesic on as and when needed basis.- Engage yourself more in your likelihood activities. Wishing you fine health ahead. Regards.

input: I am experiencing burning and aching in my arms and legs, not the torso. The pain is not alleviated by advil or aleve. During the day I can compartmentalize the pain but during the night it is extremely difficult to handle. One day the pain will disappear and then reappear months later. I have had Lyme Disease at least twice and I used to think this was related but now I am not sure.
output: Residual effects from Lyme disease is neuropathy also the peak of pain is at night which indicates arthritis and neuropathy check for Lyme disease recurrence if not then you need to stay on it b 12 supplements you should be okay within 2 months also try to stay warm at night other possibilities include multiple levels of vertebra spondylosis Hope I was helpful enough Good luck

input: Why am i starting to get brown itchy spots around my chest and neck and i am 23
output: Hiit may be allergic or infective. Since how u have problem?is it first time/is any member of your family have similar problem?right now take tab deposit at night Chat Doctor. 

input: is there any side effect of long utilisation of ganaton total please advice taking specific food such as coconut, big fish and faty food feel pain in stomach after some pain goes off. frequent belching is occured. my age 52 years, female medicine taken pantocid for long period and now taking Ganaton total for last three months. please advise
output: Hi, its sign of gastritis use of Anatole total. Use laxative to clear your bowel, like avipatikar churn 2tsf with warm water bedtime. Have ghee 2tsf in food daily. Which heal the ulcers.

input: Good day. My husband has had an inguinal hernia for about a year now and it is getting more and more painful and the bulge is bigger than it has ever been. He manages it very well but when it comes to sex, he produces no sperm at all. We want to have a baby soon but when he ejaculates, there s very little watery substance that comes out. He still has a strong erection and he reaches orgasm but nothing comes out. Please help
output: HelloThanks for query. Your husband has Inguinal Hernia since one year and now facing problem of not ejaculating (An ejaculation).First the problem of an ejaculation can not be due to Inguinal Hernia. This could be either due to one of the following two reasons 1) Retrograde Ejaculation 2) Blockage of the Ejaculatory duct. He needs to consult qualified Urologist for clinical examination and get following basic test done to establish cause of An ejaculation .1) Ultrasound Scanning of abdomen and Pelvis 2) Trans Rectal Ultrasound Scanning (THUS) 3) Urine examination immediately after sexual intercourse .this will rule out retrograde ejaculation.4) MRI of pelvis this will confirm dilatation of seminal vesicle and confirm blockage of ejaculatory duct. Further treatment will depend upon result of these tests and final diagnosis. Chat Doctor. 

input: Type 2 diabetic got stung by wasp about 2.5 days ago, initial reaction was local pain. Cooled with ice water, took naproxen and used hydrocortisone cream. No  proble until 1.5 days later, finger began to swell and itch...more cream and benadryl. Finger continues to be erythemous and swollen. Blood sugars running about 50 points higher than norm.
output: Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you were stung by a wasp which can be uncomfortable, but most people recover quickly and without complications. Mild and moderate reactions to wasp stings can be treated at home. You need to wash the sting area with water and soap to remove as much of the venom as possible. Cold pack may be applied over the stung area to reduce swelling and pain. If there is itching you can apply calamine lotion to control the discomfort. Itching and pain can be reduced by Antihistamines like Chlorpheniramine Male ate and Ibuprofen respectively. Thank you.

input: I have a fast heart rate all the time and some chest pain sometimes iv had stress test and echo EKG s and they said the everything looked good with my heart they seem to think it is stress and anxiety and also they my cardo doctor  said my chest pain was caused by pleurisy will it cause this?
output: Hello dear, welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* Usually pleurisy is associated with sharp, stabbing pain which is aggravated by deep breathing, coughing.  In some instances it can give constant dull ache as well. Hope this will clear your query. Regards.

input: I have celiac disease and always have upper abdominal pain right below my ribs. Had ultrasound done and didnt show anything. I ate some food a couple weeks ago that was contaminated.  Ive had severe pain in my upper stomach. Doctor says he cant find anything wrong. Any suggestions?
output: Hi. As you are a known case of celiac disease You should have avoided contaminated food. Well, a course of antibiotics after the proper blood and stool test should help you. Ultrasonography is not always helpful. This is just to rule out any other problem.

input: Hi, I had Tinea really bad, I used all the creams, but over a week a painful lump appeared om top of my foot in between my little toe and the one next to it, it was very painful and red, couple of days ago I burst it, and a brown liquid came out...what would it be...??
output: Hi, It seems that there might be having secondary bacterial infection on the part giving this problem. Clean the part and apply triple action cream. Go for one antibiotic medicine course for 3 days to cure bacterial infection. Apart from local application of antifungal cream, go for one oral antifungal medicine course as well. Keep inter digital part clean, Chat Doctor. Take care of cleaning inter digital spaces after taking shower. Ok and take care.

input: Hi My daughter is 8 months old and had fever, cold, cough for 3-4 days. Urine test was done and found out in the result that pus cells count is 8-10 hpf. Please suggest remedies for this. We have given another sample for culture test and is due in a couple of days time. But in general, are there any natural remedies and is there anything to worry about?
output: Pus cells 10-12/HP in urine indicate urinary tract infection which is the possible source of the fever the child is suffering from. It might also be related to a viral infection which generally causes the cough and cold. You need to visit a doctor and get it treated with a full course of antibiotics. The doctor will be able to subsequently tally using the culture and sensitivity reports if the antibiotics are supposed to be effective in the particular case of your daughter. The main natural remedy to reduce such infection would be to Chat Doctor.  It has to backed up with proper antibiotics, and you need not worry if the course is completed. Maintaining proper hygiene is essential.

input: Sub: Drug Treatment for Parkinson s Disease What is of the counter Chemist name for purchase of the drug ? Drug Sinemet (Levodopa/Carbidopa). Levodopa (also called L-dopa) is the most commonly prescribed and most effective drug for controlling the symptoms of Parkinson s disease, particularly bradykinesia and rigidity. Levodopa is transported to the nerve cells in the brain that produce dopamine. It is then converted into dopamine for the nerve cells to use as a neurotransmitter.
output: Hello. I have read your message. As you have mentioned, Levodopa -carcinoma combination is one of the best possible medical therapy. However, one can always consider Deep Brain Stimulation surgery. You will need to be evaluated by a team performing DBS to be sure whether you will benefit from the surgery and when to perform the surgery. Best of luck, Chat Doctor. 

input: I am a 71 yr old female who is quite physically active; taking cardio classes about 4 days a week, including weight lifting intervals. I do not ever use higher than 3#s. I m thinking I may have pulled a muscle in my underarm area on left side. under arm quite sore to touch especially as I press into arm pit No lumps are present in arm pit or down toward and in left breast. Been treating with Ibprophen. Been going on for about a week. Seemed better but noticed today not so great. Should I see PCP at this point.
output: Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more in your case but better to rule out heart related chest pain first because you are old aged (71 years) and not improving in pain even after taking ibuprofen. So consult doctor and get done ECG and 2d echo. If both these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Along with painkiller Chat Doctor.  1. Avoid movements causing pain. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. 4. Sit with proper back and chest support. 5. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these in 1-2 weeks. Stop exercise and weight lifting for 1-2 weeks. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
